Whenever there is a reshuffle at the top of government, it is worth keeping an eye and an ear on the dislodged, demoted and rejected former ministers. What do they choose to do and say next?
Andy Burnham has started his first full day in the job with a promise to cut VAT from household electricity bills from 1 October.
But already – within hours - he is taking flak from a man who just yesterday was in a senior job in Downing Street working alongside Sir Keir Starmer.
On Monday night, the former Chief Secretary to the Prime Minister, Darren Jones, posted a picture on X of him having a beer, external, captioned "thank you and good night. See you September".
If that was meant to suggest a vow of silence it only lasted a little over 12 hours, because at breakfast time this morning came another post, this one unaccompanied by any picture but loaded with political bite.
"Good news that VAT will be cut on electricity bills," wrote Jones. 
"It's a simple way for families to save a few quid, and to mechanically help to keep inflation that little bit lower. But the DigitalID program was unfunded. The government will have to set out how it will pay for its new policies at the budget."
Ouch - that will sting in Downing Street.
And yes, there are four references in the Office for Budget Responsibility's Economic and Fiscal Outlook from November, external of last year that refer to Digital ID and how and where the money will come from to pay for it is not clear.
For example, on page 10, it says "the cost of digital ID cards, for which no specific funding has been identified". 
On Page 172 it talks about "the risks around the implementation of digital ID cards for which no explicit provision has been made for its £0.6bn annual cost".
Clearly, this was something of a critique of the funding of the policy Jones was previously an advocate of, so the charge was as relevant to him and Sir Keir Starmer's government about their idea as it is to Andy Burnham and his new idea.
But it is Burnham who is now prime minister and has to set out, as he put it in his first speech in Downing Street, "how we pay for" the policies they are advocating.
And all this just days after Sir Keir Starmer's successor emphasised the need to end "factionalism" within the Labour Party.
At lunchtime, Burnham will gather his cabinet for the first time, after its appointment yesterday became something of a nocturnal affair.
At gone 10pm on Monday night, there was still a minibus full of ministerial wannabes inside Downing Street waiting for their new positions to be confirmed.
One of the later posts to be filled was that of defence secretary, a role taken by Wes Streeting, whose resignation as health secretary two months ago contributed to the draining of Sir Keir's authority as prime minister.
One of the key stories of the reshuffle was a pretty significant cull of the ministers closest too and most loyal to the now former prime minister, Darren Jones among them, but also David Lammy, Peter Kyle, Lord Hermer, Steve Reed and Rachel Reeves – albeit Reeves, I am told, was offered a cabinet post but turned it down.
The question, in the coming days, weeks and months is how much do we hear in public from those banished Starmerites, as Andy Burnham's government sets out its stall.
I hadn't anticipated it starting so soon.Civil servants working for government departments based in London have been offered relocation packages to encourage them to move to the North of England, the BBC understands.
It comes as the first details are emerging about the new No 10 North which has already started work, according to sources close to new Prime Minister Andy Burnham.
The BBC has been told that the Northern branch of Downing Street will be overseen by cabinet minister and ally of Burnham, Louise Haigh.
Haigh, who is the first secretary of state, is thought to have been asked to lead a new Office for the Prime Minister and the Cabinet (OPMC), which will give her control of key decision- making bodies across government.
The OPMC will include No 10, No 10 North and teams within the Cabinet Office. 
Announcing the changes,, external which will also include an AI Taskforce, Leader of the House of Lords, Baroness Angela Smith said No 10 North would be a "dominant driver of the UK's economy".
It is understood that the initial location of No 10 North will be Heron House in central Manchester, in the same building which houses offices for the intelligence service GCHQ. Specialist police officers have been seen guarding the building.
It is likely that the longer term base for No 10 North will be at a new government "Digital Campus" which is under construction in the Ancoats area of Manchester. It is not due for completion until 2032.
However, a good indication of what it could look like comes from a new report, released on Tuesday. 
The blueprint has been authored, external by the Re:State think tank which Burnham was involved with until he stepped down as mayor of Greater Manchester.
It sets out a possible recruitment plan that would bring in new hires from across Greater Manchester and the wider North of England.
In total, the report suggests around 300 staff should be employed within 18 months.
It proposes transferring teams from Whitehall departments, including the Treasury, Cabinet Office, and the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government – all of which are now being led by ministers who represent constituencies in the North of England.
Whitehall officials willing to move to Manchester have been told they will be offered relocation packages, the BBC understands.
It's also likely there will be a significant movement of staff from Burnham's former mayoral team at the Greater Manchester Combined Authority (GMCA).
The BBC has been told that at least three senior figures are understood to have agreed to work at No 10 North. Some GMCA staff expressed surprise at only finding out their colleagues would be moving after seeing them on TV greeting the new prime minister in Downing Street.
No 10 North will lead on a key plank of Burnham's agenda; handing power from Whitehall and Westminster to regions across the country.
It means strategic decisions about devolution and local economic growth will shift out of the Treasury, now led by Chancellor John Healey, and Angela Rayner's Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government -  though both departments will have some "remaining functions" in these areas.
Sign up for our Politics Essential newsletter to keep up with the inner workings of Westminster and beyond.The cause of Ann Widdecombe's death is yet to be established, the opening of an inquest into her death has heard.
The 78-year-old former MP and MEP was found dead at her home in Devon on 9 July with "visible injuries" Exeter Coroner's Court heard. 
Senior coroner Philip Spinney said a post-mortem examination had taken place and "at this stage the precise medical cause of death has yet to be established".
Joshua Kerry, 28, from Rotherham in South Yorkshire, has arrived at Westminister Magistrates' Court where he is due to appear charged with her murder.
Spinney, senior coroner for Devon, Plymouth and Torbay, said the inquest was now adjourned "until the conclusion of the criminal proceedings".
Widdecombe was found unresponsive in her home by an employee who carried out a welfare check due to her being "uncontactable", the hearing heard.
Emergency services were called, but she was pronounced dead at 12:20 BST on Thursday, 9 July.
Kerry was first arrested on suspicion of murder two days after former Conservative minister and Reform UK spokeswoman, Widdecombe, 78, was found with serious injuries at her home in Haytor, Devon.
He was later re-arrested on suspicion of the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism. 
The investigation, which remains ongoing, has been led by Counter Terrorism Policing South East, supported by Devon and Cornwall Police.
Widdecombe's career in politics spanned decades.
She served as Conservative MP for Maidstone in Kent for 23 years and was appointed to ministerial roles in Sir John Major's government in the 1990s.
Following her departure from the Commons, Widdecombe appeared on the BBC's Strictly Come Dancing in 2010 and was a runner-up on Celebrity Big Brother eight years later.
She later represented South West England as a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for the Brexit Party and in 2023 she joined Reform UK as a party spokeswoman.As discussions continue to resolve the crisis caused by President Zelensky's decision last week to part ways with Ukraine's popular Defence Minister, Mykhailo Fedorov, those organising daily protests in support of the minister have issued a threat.
"If, by Friday July 24th [commander-in-chief Oleksandr] Syrskyi has not been dismissed and Federov has not been nominated for the post of Minister of Defence," army veteran Dmytro Koziatynsky wrote on social media, "we will begin an open-ended nationwide protest."
No protests are currently scheduled before then. Ukraine is waiting, anxiously, for a resolution.
Over the weekend, the news was full of reports of meetings and discussions, as Zelensky consulted ministers and generals.
Amid a welter of rumours, the General Staff was forced to deny reports that Gen Syrskyi was about to be – or even had already been – sacked. Another report suggested that Fedorov had refused an offer to return to a different position in government.
Kyrylo Budanov, head of the president's office, urged Ukrainians to remain calm.
"The situation surrounding the latest internal changes has caused strong emotions," he wrote on Tuesday.
With the noisy calls of angry protesters echoing around the tight confines of Ivana Franka Square, within earshot of the presidential palace, Budanov said the government was taking note.
"I understand people who express their position…..The position of society has been heard."
With large numbers of demonstrators directing their anger towards Gen. Syrskyi – seen by many as representing outdated Soviet-era military doctrines, Budanov, a former head of military intelligence, warned people "not to hate anyone".
"The enemy is closely monitoring our every internal dispute and is waiting for us to start fighting among ourselves," he wrote.
"The work is underway. There will be results."
On Monday, the beleaguered but usually silent 60-year-old Gen Syrskyi hit back against his critics, publishing a long defence of his record and urging readers not to focus on his widely-reported rivalry with 35-year-old Mykhailo Fedorov.
Despite Zelensky's claim last week that the two men could not even bear to sit in the same room, Syrskyi said it had been a surprise to learn that he had a conflict with the minister.
"I perceived our relationship as a working one," he wrote in an op-ed for the Militarny website.
"If I offended anyone, Mykhailo Albertovych [Fedorov], I'm sorry."
The general said the issues of military contracts, procurement and mobilisation currently being aired in the press and boiled down to pithy slogans on pieces of cardboard carried aloft by protestors were a great deal more complicated than most people realised.
"Decisions on which people's lives depend are not made with slogans," he said. "Real work, not the public drama surrounding it, wins the war."
Like the ousted defence minister, the commander-in-chief avoided directly personal attacks, but the object of much of his criticism was pretty clear.
"Presentations should not turn into self-representations," he wrote, in a thinly veiled swipe at Federov's long, detailed press conference last week.
"Behind each slide there should be a document, a budget and a procedure," the general went on. "Otherwise, instead of a decision the army gets disappointment."
Syrskyi's problem however is that most Ukrainians, especially the younger ones, seem to trust Federov's analysis of what needs to change in order for Ukraine to win the war, not the general's.
More than anyone, Federov is seen by many as driving innovation in the military, gradually improving Ukraine's chances of beating back its numerically superior enemy.
"Right now, the war is changing, so we need new ideas and a new structure," 44-year-old law company employee Tetiana Makarenko told me at one of the protests over the weekend.
"It's often said that a small Soviet army can't defeat a big Soviet army. It's time to change the mindset and start the new type of war."
Federov's six months at the helm in the defence ministry have coincided with a string of military successes for which the minister, not always fairly perhaps, is credited.
"We had this feeling because we saw the changing situation," Makarenko said. "We had the feeling that we can do this."
In his article, Syrskyi hit back at those accusing him of a lack of strategy, or that he had failed to embrace new technology.
"The strangest reproach that I have heard is that I supposedly do not want to fight with drones," he said, pointing out that he had presided over the creation of an unmanned systems force as a separate branch of the military.
But drones, despite being responsible for the lion's share of Russian casualties, were not enough, he argued.
"I cannot transform a million-strong army to drones in two months and say: now we fight like this."
Syrskyi said he was not at war with the defence ministry but with Russia. But while he mounts his defence against a host of critics, speculation has fallen on who Zelensky might choose to replace him.
The candidates include Mykhailo Drapaty, commander of the Joint Forces, Andriy Bileksky, commander of the Third Army Corps, Oleh Apostol, commander of the Airborne Assault Forces and Ihor Obolensky, commander of the National Guard Corps.
All have distinguished military records, but crucially all are from a much younger generation of officers. At 46, Biletsky is the oldest while Apostol and Obolensky are both 39.
At just 35, the youngest possible candidate is Brig Gen Denys Prokopenko, another National guard commander, whose "Azov" Regiment, while politically controversial for its alleged far-right connections, achieved near mythic status during the bitter siege of the southern port city of Mariupol in 2022.
Held as a prisoner of war by Russia following the collapse of the city, Prokopenko returned to Ukraine as part of a prisoner exchange in July 2023, quickly resuming his command despite Russian demands that he remain outside the country until the war was over.
Zelensky says he is still working out "what adjustments need to be made to Ukraine's defence strategy" and has thanked everyone "for their openness, honesty and substantive contributions".
With Russia expected to resume its attacks on Ukraine's energy infrastructure this autumn, the president says "Ukraine must enter August as strong as possible".
As the protests fall silent for now, the country waits for the president to make a series of possibly fateful decisions.The US military says it launched another round of strikes against Iran to "further degrade" its capabilities to attack ships in the Strait of Hormuz.
The 10th consecutive night of strikes took place after US President Donald Trump vowed to punish Iran for the deaths of US soldiers.
In response, Iran said it struck two oil tankers in the waterway, as well as US military assets in Bahrain, Kuwait and Jordan, state news agency IRNA reported. 
President Masoud Pezeshkian said Iran was now fighting a "full-scale war" with the US. Trump earlier said Iran had been hit "very hard" the previous night "in honour" of three US soldiers killed recently - two in Jordan and one in Iraq. 

US Central Command (Centcom) said its latest strikes had hit Iranian "military command centres, maritime capabilities, missile and drone launch sites, and air defence systems". 
Explosions were reported near the north-western city of Tabriz, where state media said one person was killed and several wounded, as well at the Gulf ports of Bandar Mahshahr and Bandar Imam Khomeini and the south-eastern ports of Chabahar and Konarak.
Centcom also insisted that commercial vessels were continuing to pass through the Strait of Hormuz.
Iran meanwhile said its forces struck two oil tankers as they attempted to transit through what it called the strait's "unsafe and hazardous southern route" and rescue teams were picking up their crews, according to state media.
The United Kingdom Maritime Trade Operations agency (UKMTO) said a tanker in the Strait of Hormuz had reported being struck by an unknown projectile, forcing its crew to abandon the vessel and board a lifeboat. 
It was not clear whether the tanker reported by UKMTO was among those cited by Iran.
Six fuel tankers and cargo ships crossed the Strait of Hormuz on Monday, according to preliminary data from maritime intelligence firm Kpler. Two of these vessels had previously been sanctioned by the US for links with Iran.
This is down from eight vessels crossing on 19 July, the data shows. All but one of the crossings made on 20 July were via the northern route near Iran.
Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) also claimed to have targeted a data centre belonging to the US company Amazon in Bahrain, according to state media on Tuesday.
The IRGC "attacked and destroyed the central data infrastructure of the American company Amazon in Bahrain with several cruise missiles," state news agency IRNA reported. 
Jordan said on Tuesday that it had intercepted five drones after saying it had shot down three missiles late on Monday. Bahrain said drones launched by Iran had targeted its air navigation systems - but traffic remained unaffected. Kuwait's armed forces also said they had intercepted Iranian drones. 
Later on Tuesday Kuwait said Iran had hit several power and water desalination plants the previous day.
At the same time, Tehran said diplomatic messages were still being exchanged by both sides through intermediaries, despite a collapse of a ceasefire.
On Monday night the Department of Defense confirmed the identities of two of the US soldiers – Pte Isabella Gonzales, 19, from Texas, and Lt Tyler James Feehan, 25, from Hawaii - who were killed in an Iranian strike on the Muwaffaq Salti base in Jordan over the weekend.
Centcom said earlier a third service member also went missing in action after the attack, and unidentified remains were later found in the area.Parts of southern, central and eastern England are now close to drought, according to the National Drought Group, external.
As of Monday, East Anglia, the West Midlands, Devon, Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly, Lincolnshire and Northamptonshire, Hertfordshire and London, Wessex, Thames, Solent and the South Downs, are in "prolonged dry weather", the stage before drought.
The group, which brings together the Met Office, the National Farmers' Union, water companies and other expert bodies, made the announcement on Tuesday.
It comes as a further 10.1 million people are to be impacted by a hosepipe ban, as Thames Water announces a hosepipe ban for all its customers from Thursday.
The latest announcement means that more than 26 million people will be living under hosepipe bans by the end of this week. Agriculture and wildlife are also experiencing consequences.
There is pressure on public water supplies with demand increasing by up to 30% on the hottest days this July. Seven water companies have implemented or announced future hosepipe bans to reduce the strain on treatment works and storage during peak demand.
A hosepipe can use a thousand litres of water an hour, more than a family of four will use in a day. 
Farmers have had to begin their harvests early and there have been warnings that cereal yields may be affected by the lack of rain. 
Farmers and growers are "working around the clock to harvest crops which have come early, keep fruit and vegetables watered, and care for their livestock", according to Paul Tompkins, deputy president of the National Farmers' Union.
"Parts of the country, particularly in the east and south, have seen exceptionally low rainfall this spring and summer," he said, which could mean, "another difficult and expensive harvest after extreme weather impacts in both 2024 and 2025".
River flows have decreased in recent weeks in England according to the Environment Agency, external, with 87% of catchments now at "below normal to exceptionally low levels". 
The Rivers Avon in Hampshire, Cam, Derwent in Yorkshire, Swale, Tone, Wye and Yare are exceptionally low. 
National reservoir storage is 5% lower than the long-term average. Groundwater levels are seeing a usual seasonal decline but there are notably low levels in the Cotswolds and Wessex Downs.
According to the National Drought Group, by 2055 England will need to find an additional 5 billion litres of water a day to meet demand for public water supply. Water companies are investing in ten new reservoirs and exploring desalination which involves treating seawater. 
Summer so far has been exceptionally hot and dry across much of the UK, with three widespread heatwaves and the longest run of dry days in central England since 1995.  England, Wales and eastern Scotland have been the driest areas over recent weeks, and this follows a very dry spring in similar regions. 
England has received only 3% of its long-term average July rainfall with the south and east of England seeing no rain at all. Wisley in Surrey has seen 33 consecutive dry days.
Rainfall so far this summer has been below average across the UK as a whole, but there has been large regional contrast. 
Up to the middle of summer - 15 July - parts of eastern and north-eastern England had received just 26% of their total expected summer rainfall. Areas of northern and western Scotland had more than average for the first half of the summer, though.
In Wales, where just 5% of July rainfall has fallen, Natural Resources Wales has moved the worst affected regions in the north and south-east into "prolonged dry weather status", the first step in its drought plan.
Comparisons are being made with last summer, when drought was declared across much of England, Wales and eastern Scotland. It officially ended just four months ago. 
This year, drought has not developed as quickly because heavy rainfall recharged our aquifers, rivers and reservoirs during a very wet autumn and winter. 
However, the UK Centre for Ecology and Hydrology says flash droughts, external with a sudden transition between wet and dry conditions are "likely to happen more often, and be more intense".
As the effects of human-induced climate change continue, the Met Office expects our summers to become hotter and drier, external in the future. In fact, by 2070, our summers could be up to 60% drier and 1-6C warmer compared to 1990.
High pressure stays in charge for the rest of this week, meaning no significant rainfall for at least the next five days. We could see a few midweek showers  especially near coasts in south-east England and East Anglia, as well as northern Scotland.
Through the weekend, rain-bearing weather fronts will try to move in from the north-west, but most of this rain is likely to fall across parts of Northern Ireland and Scotland. As the fronts push south, they may fizzle out, meaning little or no rainfall for the places that need it most, in the south and east.
As for the rest of summer, it is too far off to know for sure, but there are hints that things could stay mainly dry and warm, especially in the south, although summer thunderstorms are possible.
Keep up to date with the latest forecast on the BBC Weather website or app.Thames Water has announced a hosepipe ban affecting 10.1 million customers after an "exceptionally warm and dry spring".
The restrictions mean, from Thursday, hosepipes should not be used for watering gardens or allotments, cleaning cars, filling paddling pools or swimming pools, or cleaning windows. 
The water company said its region had seen 40% of average rainfall, and more days at or above 34C this year than ever recorded before.
Nevil Muncaster, director of strategic water resources, said: "We would not be taking this step unless it was necessary to protect water supplies for everyone and the environment."
The ban applies to all customers that Thames Water supplies with drinking water and comes into effect on Thursday.
The company provides water to customers across parts of Gloucestershire, Wiltshire, Surrey, the Thames Valley, Greater London, and the surrounding areas, external.
It provides water and wastewater services to 16 million customers overall.
It said water use was currently 10% above normal in the Thames Valley and Home Counties and 7% above normal in London, which amounted to an extra 100 million litres of water every day.
Muncaster added: "Recent heatwaves and a very dry spring and summer have led to sustained high demand.  
"While there is enough water for essential use, we need to reduce non-essential outdoor demand to keep taps flowing."
He said teams were "working 24/7 to keep water moving, fix leaks and support customers" and that the situation would be kept "under close review", with restrictions lifted when safe to do so.
The company said this year's hot weather had meant during peak periods "water has been used faster than it can be treated and moved through parts of the network, placing additional pressure on local supplies".
"Customers should continue to use water for essential needs such as drinking, cooking, washing and hygiene," it said.
"Buckets and watering cans can still be used, and there are exemptions, including where water use is necessary for health and safety reasons or for customers with severe mobility problems."
Thames Water is about £20bn in debt.
The government recently rejected a rescue proposal, and the BBC understands the company's main lenders are preparing a legal challenge in case the new Andy Burnham-led government takes the firm into public hands.
Hosepipes and pressure washers should not be used to:
water gardens, lawns, or allotments (this includes the use of sprinklers)
fill paddling pools, swimming pools, or hot tubs
clean vehicles, patios, paths, driveways, walls, windows, or any outdoor areas
Plants and gardens can be watered with a watering can, and cars can be washed using a bucket
Some exemptions may include:
Wastewater only customers
Health and safety needs
Animal welfare, including pets, livestock, and fish
Watering food crops and certain newly planted trees
Customers who cannot reasonably adjust their water use because of a disability or medical condition
Source: Thames Water, external
Elsewhere, South East Water has announced that a hosepipe ban currently in force in Kent will be extended to parts of Surrey, Sussex, Hampshire and Berkshire from Saturday.
Other companies with bans in force include Southern Water, which affects about one million customers across Hampshire and the Isle of Wight, and South West Water, covering Mid Devon and other parts of the county, and Lyme Regis in Dorset.
A ban affecting 33,000 properties in west Wales was introduced last weekend by Welsh Water.
Cambridge Water, Anglian Water and Affinity Water, which all supply to much of the East of England, have implemented "temporary use bans".
The UK's summer has seen a number of records broken - including some which date back to the notorious summer of 1976 in which a drought was declared and a minister appointed to deal with water problems.
A lack of rain has also been a big part of this summer with some places in southern England seeing no measurable rain for more than four weeks.
Correction: The earlier figure in this story has been amended to 10 million because only Thames Water's water supply customers, and not waste water customers, are affected.Lebanon's army says its troops have begun deploying to a "pilot zone" in the south of the country following the withdrawal of Israeli forces under a US-brokered agreement reached last month.
A statement from the army command said units had entered the village of Zawtar al-Gharbiyeh in Nabatieh district on Tuesday morning.
On Monday night, Israel's military confirmed the start of the pilot zone plan, which should see Israeli troops pulling out of a small part of the territory occupied during their conflict with Hezbollah as well as the disarmament of the Iran-backed group.
It comes ahead of a meeting in Washington between US President Donald Trump and his Lebanese counterpart, Joseph Aoun.
Aoun is expected to urge Trump to put pressure on Israel to withdraw from the rest of southern Lebanon and to provide support to the Lebanese army to take full control of areas where Hezbollah holds sway.
The US state department announced on Monday afternoon that "pilot zone operations" had begun in Zawtar al-Gharbiyeh and two other Lebanese villages, Froun and Srifa, in line with the Trilateral Framework agreement between Israel, Lebanon and the US.
It said the "milestone" was the direct result of discussions last week between Israeli and Lebanese representatives in Rome.
Later on Monday, an Israeli military official confirmed that the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) would "adjust its force posture in one of the pilot areas" to allow the Lebanese army to carry out its mission, while also "safeguarding the security of IDF soldiers and preserving its right to self-defence and to remove threats".
"The objective of the pilot and the agreement is the disarmament of the Hezbollah terrorist organisation and the removal of its illegal weapons," the official said.
They also reiterated that the IDF would remain in the "security zone" - the 10km (six-mile) deep strip of occupied Lebanese territory running along the border - for "as long as necessary" to defend northern Israeli communities.
On Tuesday, the Lebanese army's command said its units had begun deploying to Zawtar al-Gharbiyeh "based on ongoing communications with the Military Co-ordination Group for Lebanon", referring to the trilateral body created to support implementation of the framework.
The statement also called on Lebanese citizens "not to head to the village until the security situation stabilises, and to comply with the instructions of the deployed military units for their own safety".
The Lebanese army said its troops were already carrying out missions in nearby Froun and Srifa following Monday's US announcement.
An Israeli source also told the Haaretz newspaper that there were no Israeli troops in those villages.
Lebanon was drawn into the war between Israel, the US and Iran on 2 March, when Hezbollah launched rockets into Israel in retaliation for a strike that killed Iran's supreme leader.
Israel responded by launching a bombing campaign across Lebanon and invading a significant part of the country's south.
More than 4,300 people have been killed in Lebanon, including almost 800 children, women and medics, according to the Lebanese health ministry.
Israeli authorities say 37 Israeli soldiers and four civilians have been killed on both sides of the border during the conflict.US President Donald Trump has imposed a 50% tariff on a wide range of goods imported from Canada, in retaliation for what he called "unequal treatment" of US cars, dairy and alcohol. 
Everyday consumer items like wine and hockey sticks and industrial goods such as cement are among the goods targeted. However, several key exports will be spared, such as energy, potash, critical minerals and fish. 
Prime Minister Mark Carney responded by saying Canada stood ready to "intensify" trade talks with the US in the coming weeks.
The White House said the duties would take effect in 30 days. It marks a major escalation in trade tensions between the North American neighbours. 
Trade tensions have been simmering since Trump returned to office in January 2025 and unleashed a wide-ranging global programme of tariffs, sometimes to pursue objectives not directly linked to trade. 
Tariffs are taxes on imported goods that are paid to the government by companies bringing in the foreign products.
The US Supreme Court ruled earlier this year that many of Trump's tariffs imposed globally under emergency powers were illegally enacted. 
But Trump has recently sought other legal avenues through which to enact his agenda, and his latest action on Monday night uses a different, obscure law that is untested in court.
Canada, which is one of the US's closest trading partners, was one of the few countries to retaliate last year against Trump's tariffs. 
It placed a 25% levy of its own on about C$30bn (£16bn; $21.7bn) worth of US goods being brought into Canada. Carney later dropped some of them.
A White House fact sheet published on Monday discussing the new tariffs said they applied regardless of whether the product was included under the existing free trade agreement between Canada, the US and Mexico, known as the USMCA.
The new tariffs add to trade barriers already in place between the two nations. 
The US has been maintaining active tariffs ranging from 15% to 50% on Canadian steel, aluminium and copper. It also charges a 35% tariff on Canadian softwood lumber, alongside a 25% tax on non-US parts in cars. 
Meanwhile Canada has its own 25% counter-tariff on selected imports of American steel, aluminium and vehicles. 
Monday's announcement also comes in the wake of President Trump's threat to impose tariffs over Canadian wildfire smoke drifting into US cities, though this issue has not been officially mentioned as the justification for the move.
Criticism of Trump's action has started to arrive from the Canadian side.
"This is the latest in a series of unilateral US trade actions that began with the US imposing a series of tariffs in direct violation of the Canada-United States-Mexico Agreement," Carney said in a statement on X.
Carney also cited "threats to Canadian sovereignty", possibly in reference to Trump's repeated calls to make America's northern neighbour the 51st US state.
In a post of his own on X, Ontario Premier Doug Ford wrote: "If these tariffs proceed, Canada should respond tariff for tariff, dollar for dollar."
The BBC has contacted the White House and the Canadian government for further comment.
As part of his executive action announcing the new tariffs, Trump issued three proclamations.
These list US complaints over trade issues that were previously known to Canada  - signalling a breakdown of trade negotiations between the two neighbours. They relate to cars, dairy products and alcohol.
On cars, Trump's proclamation pointed to Canada charging a tax on imports of US motor vehicles and parts that are not covered under USMCA.
He argues it is "unreasonable" and that Canada has discriminated against the US by not charging other countries a similar tax.
Automotive manufacturing in North America is highly integrated between Canada, the US and Mexico.
Dairy, meanwhile, has long been a problem for the US, specifically Canada's supply management system, which sets limits on foreign imports. Those that exceed the limit are charged a tariff up to 300%.
And lastly, the enduring boycott of US alcoholic drinks by most Canadian provinces has become a major sore point for the Americans since it was imposed last year. 
Canadian premiers have said repeatedly that the boycott will be lifted if the US removes its tariffs on key Canadian sectors, including metals and automobiles.
Canadian trade negotiators have been trying to secure a deal that would at least reduce some of the current US tariffs.
Earlier this year, the US chose not to renew the USMCA in its current form.
Canada and Mexico sought a renewal of the trade agreement, but the US wants to make changes to the deal, which was negotiated during Trump's first term in office.
Despite the US action, however, the treaty will continue to govern North American trade over the next decade on a rolling basis - but it will require annual reviews.
In February, the US Supreme Court struck down sweeping international tariffs imposed by Trump through the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) of 1977. 
Trump had used IEEPA to attempt to justify the imposition of tariffs on dozens of countries beyond America's neighbours.
The Supreme Court justices ruled that the president had exceeded his authority when he announced the duties under a law reserved for national emergencies. 
The White House vowed at the time that it would invoke other mechanisms to impose import taxes. 
In recent weeks, for example, Trump has used Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 to justify imposing tariffs on a range of countries. These include Brazil, from which certain goods being brought into the US will be subject to a 25% tax from Wednesday. US officials claimed that Brazilian policies had harmed US trade. 
Like Canada and China, Brazil has vowed to retaliate.
The tariffs announced on Monday, which are due to hit Canada, are due to be introduced under a different piece of legislation: Section 338 of the 1930 Tariff Act. The act covers trade discrimination rather than national emergencies. 
Michael Devereux, a professor of economics at the University of British Columbia, said the move highlighted the Trump administration's opposition to USMCA. 
He told BBC News: "It is a significant escalation because it directly targets goods that were previously exempt under the US, Canada, Mexico trade agreement that President Trump negotiated and signed himself in 2018."
Devereux was doubtful that it was a negotiating tactic on the part of the US leader. "I would rather see this as just an impulsive move that came from kind of a grudge that the US government and President Trump has against Canada."
Other analysts were hopeful the move might prompt new negotiations.
Candace Laing, head of the Canadian Chamber of Commerce, urged officials to make "meaningful progress" in talks before the new duties took effect in 30 days' time.
Chris Swonger, head of the Distilled Spirits Council of the United States, similarly called for both sides to find a solution, warning the decision "raises the risk of further retaliation".A nine-year-old boy who inspired changes to Northern Ireland's organ donation laws has received a heart transplant after an eight-year wait.
Dáithí Mac Gabhann's father had said he is so grateful that his son "has a new beautiful heart beating inside him" and that he has made "amazing progress over the last few days" since his operation. 
Dáithí was born in 2016 with hypoplastic left heart syndrome, meaning the left side of his heart did not form correctly.
His family said they said they were "beyond grateful to Dáithí's donor and their family for making such a selfless decision at the most difficult time imaginable".
Máirtín Mac Gabhann said Dáithí had a "sparkle" back in his eye and that he had a "sweetie party" to watch the World Cup final.
"We couldn't have asked for better, so far," he told the Nolan Show. 
However, Mac Gabhann added that life with Dáithí has been a "rollercoaster".
"Every time I allow myself to smile I kind of rein it in a bit because I know it's so early in his recovery."
He said that Dáithí had been "very nervous" ahead of the operation and "understands the consequences of things going wrong". 
The operation was carried out at Freeman Hospital in Newcastle upon Tyne.
Mac Gabhann thanked hospital staff who he described as his family's "only hope" over the past eight years.
He said for the first time ever in his life, Dáithí's lips were pink. In a photo of the nine-year-old, shared from hospital, Dáithí could be seen sitting up following the surgery.
Mac Gabhann said: "He's been blue and he's been dark blue and even navy at times, but if you zoom into that wee boy's lips they're actually pink now and his hands are warm and his feet are warm.
"Just at this early stage, I've seen how transformational organ donation and that gift is."
In 2023 a law was introduced in Northern Ireland which means that people automatically become potential organ donors unless they explicitly say they wish not to be.
The legislation was named "Dáithí's Law", after his family spent years campaigning on the issue.
Fearghal McKinney, the head of the British Heart Foundation in Northern Ireland said he was "delighted" at the news of Dáithí's heart transplant. 
"Dáithí and his family's ongoing campaign has brought hope to so many people and helped save lives," he added. 
"It is therefore wonderful to receive the news that Dáithí, who has endured the longest wait of any child for a heart transplant, has finally received a new heart."
McKinney encouraged others to consider their organ donation decision, record that decision, and share it with family and friends.VAT will be cut from household electricity bills, the government has announced, as part of new Prime Minister Andy Burnham's pledge to help with the cost of living.
The reduction from 5% VAT to zero will come into effect on 1 October, saving a typical household about £45 a year.
Ministers said it would be funded by savings from the cancellation of the digital ID programme, which was going to cost £1.8bn over the next three years. The government estimated it will cost £850m this financial year.  
But Labour's Darren Jones, who was sacked as chief secretary to the prime minister on Monday, accused the government of announcing an unfunded tax cut.
Jonathan Reynolds, the new business secretary, said the cut would give people some "breathing space".
He said it was funded until "the end of the financial year" in March 2027 and any changes beyond that would have to be announced in the next Budget.
Suppliers have been told the VAT reduction should be passed on to all household customers, including those on fixed tariffs, as was the case when some charges were taken off bills in April.
The cut will take effect in England, Scotland and Wales, but equivalent funding would be given to Northern Ireland, which is regulated differently, the government said.
The reduction could not be automatically be applied in Northern Ireland due to EU rules limiting the range of goods which can be sold without VAT. Following Brexit, England, Scotland and Wales are not bound by these restrictions.
Small businesses who qualify for the domestic energy VAT relief and are not registered for VAT, as well as charities and residential care homes eligible for the reduced rate, will also benefit.
Cutting VAT is a relatively basic tool to reduce an energy bill - with larger households likely to save more as they use more electricity.
However, some vulnerable households are also high electricity users, such as for running medical equipment.
Jones, who was also previously chief secretary to the Treasury, wrote on X, external that the Digital ID programme was unfunded.
While praising the VAT cut as "good", he said "the government will have to set out how it will pay for its new policies at the budget".
Conservative Shadow Chancellor Mel Stride also criticised the use of the Digital ID budget to fund the VAT cut.
"The cuts to the Digital ID card budget are not real because the money was never provided in the first place. 
"We are only one day in and already its smoke and mirrors on the public finances."
Reynolds told the BBC's Today programme a VAT cut to electricity bills would be funded through a "straightforward switch spend" redirecting money for digital ID.
He said money for digital ID "would have had to have been found" and that scrapping the scheme removed "pressure" from the budget allowing the government to "give real help to people".
But the Office for Budget Responsibility said last November that digital ID would have to paid for out of savings from government departments and these had not yet been identified. 
The spending watchdog said bringing in Digital ID had "provisionally forecast to cost £1.8bn in total over the next three years".
Government sources have insisted that departments have been working to find savings to fund Digital ID since the OBR made its forecast in November and this money would now be reallocated to fund the VAT cut.
Household energy prices rose by 13% for millions of people in England, Scotland and Wales at the start of July, under regulator Ofgem's price cap.
Price rises were driven by the higher cost of gas, but have a relatively limited impact owing to warm weather and lower energy use during the summer months.
However, higher energy prices caused by the US-Israeli war with Iran, which has constrained global supplies of oil and liquified natural gas, are likely to persist into the winter, according to analysts.
The VAT cut only applies to the current financial year — any decision to keep it in future years would have to be made in a Budget.
The government expects it will lower inflation by 0.1 percentage points.
In his first speech as the UK's prime minister, Burnham vowed to provide "breathing space" for households struggling with the cost of living.
On Tuesday, he said the VAT cut would "put more money in people's pockets".
The VAT cut is the second intervention on energy bills by the government in six months.
Former chancellor Rachel Reeves removed one levy and shifted others onto general taxation to lower bills in April.
Burnham's new cabinet is due to meet for the first time at lunchtime on Tuesday.
The End Fuel Poverty Coalition welcomed the reduction, but said it "does not address the scale of what households are facing".
Simon Francis, the group's co-ordinator, said Burnham's government must "go even further" with targeted support for those most in need.
He added: "This breathing space is also not a cure. The only way to bring bills down for good is to change how they are set."Prime Minister Andy Burnham has announced his new cabinet after taking office following the resignation of Sir Keir Starmer.
Tap or click on a person in our interactive guide below to learn more about them and their role in government. 
Images: House of Commons, Getty ImagesEarlier this year, Angela Rayner was weighing up whether to reach for the Labour crown if Sir Keir Starmer's leadership was challenged.
The resolution of an HMRC investigation into her tax affairs, long seen as a barrier to any leadership bid, cleared a path for the former deputy prime minister to take part in any contest to replace her old boss.
But in the end she added her name to the wave of Labour MPs nominating Andy Burnham as leader, propelling the former Greater Manchester mayor into Downing Street uncontested.
Now she has made a return to the cabinet, with Burnham giving her back the job of housing secretary from which she resigned in September last year, after admitting she did not pay enough tax on the purchase of a new home.
It is a role in which she will play a key part in his drive to devolve power away from Westminster and deliver a major programme of council house building. 
Her against-the-odds story, personality, and ability to connect with parts of the electorate other politicians have struggled to reach are likely to make her a prominent voice within Burnham's top team. 
Born Angela Bowen in Stockport, Greater Manchester, in 1980, Rayner grew up on one of the area's poorest council estates and from an early age was caring for her mother, who had bipolar disorder and suffered from depression.
Both Rayner's parents were unemployed and speaking in 2017, she remembered having to grow up very quickly.
"My mum was a really vulnerable person. I remember, at 10, my mum being suicidal and me sleeping like a dog on the end of her bed, just to try and stay next to her so she didn't do any harm to herself," Rayner said.
She has also recalled going to her grandmother's flat on Sundays, so the family could take it in turns to have a bath there. Hot water was too expensive for them to use at home.
Rayner has often spoken about being told she would "never amount to anything", after she left school without any qualifications.
But after having her first child at 16, Rayner studied part-time at college, learning British sign language and gaining a vocational qualification in social care.
She spent a number of years as a care worker in Stockport, mainly looking after elderly people in their own homes, while also rising quickly through the ranks of the union, Unison.
She has described herself as "mouthy", someone who would "take no messing from management".
In her 20s, she became a full-time union official and eventually, after battles over working conditions and zero-hour contracts, rose to the most senior elected role in Unison in north-west England.
It was at Unison she met Mark Rayner, a fellow union official whom she married in 2010 and divorced in 2023. The couple went on to have two sons, one of whom was born so prematurely he is registered blind and has special educational needs.
At the age of 37, the mum-of-three became a grandmother, sparking the nickname "Grangela".
She credits the trade union movement with encouraging her to enter politics and taking her from - in her own words - "the girl on a council estate" to "a woman who feels like she can conquer the world".
Those ambitions started to be realised in 2015, when she was elected as the MP for Ashton-under-Lyne - a seat not far from her hometown. She later said she had only stood to make the point that "people like me can't get elected" and had "accidentally" won the seat.
A self-described "proper working-class" woman, Rayner rose quickly in Westminster, taking up the women and equalities and education briefs in the shadow cabinet of former Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn.
When Corbyn stood down in 2020, following Labour's worst general election result since 1935, Rayner did not run for the leadership, and backed her ally Rebecca Long-Bailey, who came second to Sir Keir.
Instead, Rayner stood for the deputy leadership and won election to that post comfortably - going on to be a central figure in Sir Keir's bid to remake the party.
However, relations between Sir Keir and Rayner were sometimes tense. After Labour lost control of eight English councils and lost the seat of Hartlepool in a parliamentary by-election in May 2021, the deputy leader was removed from her post as party chairwoman.
She pushed back, and was appointed shadow first secretary of state among other titles.
By that point, Rayner had a strong support base and a powerful role likened to that of John Prescott, who was seen as a political bridge between the working class and the New Labour project during Tony Blair's premiership.
Rayner heavily leaned into that role and tried to use it to her party's advantage in the years before Labour's general election win in 2024.
Outspoken and combative at times, Rayner repeatedly accused the Conservatives of being "out of touch", and hammered the party with lines such as "one rule for them and another rule for us" during the scandal over pandemic parties in Downing Street.
Sometimes Rayner admitted she had gone too far, once apologising for describing senior Conservatives as "a bunch of scum".
Her prominence and the venom of her political attacks had put a target on her back and attracted unwanted headlines.
In 2021, Rayner lashed out at "sexism and misogyny" in politics, after a newspaper reported that she crossed and uncrossed her legs during prime minister's questions to distract Boris Johnson.
And in 2024, she was investigated by the police over the tax paid on the sale of her council house, again following a slew of reports by unfriendly newspapers, cheered on by the Conservatives. She was not found to have committed a criminal offence.
Her tendency to brush through political controversies gave her an air of untouchability, with some dubbing her "Teflon Ang".
Her stock had risen further still as deputy prime minister, leading on one of Labour's key pledges to build 1.5 million homes by 2030, and helping Sir Keir quell a rebellion by Labour MPs over welfare cuts.
But the political optics of a housing secretary admitting she had not paid enough when buying her £800,000 flat in Hove were not easy on the eye.
Rayner faced charges of hypocrisy and calls for her to stand down, and she did so after admitting arrangements on her family home in Greater Manchester meant she should have paid a higher rate.
She resigned from government after the prime minister's ethics adviser Sir Laurie Magnus declared that she had breached the ministerial code.
HMRC launched an investigation, and almost 10 months later, as a leadership crisis engulfed her party, a conclusion was reached.
Rayner announced she had settled £40,000 in unpaid stamp duty, and had been "exonerated" of the accusation she had "deliberately sought to avoid tax".
In an interview with the Guardian, the prime minister's former deputy did not rule out running in any Labour leadership race but said she would not "trigger" a contest.
Pressed over whether the prime minister should step aside, Rayner said: "Keir will have to reflect on that."
Prior to his downfall as Labour leader, Sir Keir had suggested he could bring Rayner back into his cabinet, adding she had the "best social mobility story this country has ever seen".
It is a story she will be hoping to continue after her return to cabinet, as Labour heads in a new direction under Burnham.Louise Haigh had enjoyed a stratospheric political rise before her ministerial career came to a juddering halt shortly after Labour's return to power.
She became the youngest-ever female cabinet minister at the age of 36, but resigned as transport secretary just four months into the role, after it emerged she had pleaded guilty to a fraud offence during her twenties.
Now Andy Burnham has brought her back into government with a big job running the Cabinet Office and the title of first secretary of state, denoting her senior rank.
It cements the Sheffield MP's place at the heart of Burnham's cabinet, having been among a tiny circle of key allies entrusted with holding "access talks" with civil servants ahead of his arrival in Downing Street.
After her departure from the cabinet in November 2024, Haigh maintained a high profile on the backbenches, playing a key role in orchestrating the Labour rebellion against proposed welfare cuts last year.
She went on to revive the Tribune group, a caucus dating back to the 1960s that has  emerged as a home for the "soft left" wing of the party that has fuelled Burnham's rise to power.
Becoming increasingly critical of the Starmer government, she signed up to the Burnham project in the run-up to elections scheduled for May this year, reportedly after meeting him in Manchester to sound out his plans for power.
She then oversaw his successful bid to return to Westminster as MP for Makerfield, living out of an AirBnb and running a campaign HQ in a community club shared with weddings, tribute bands and exotic bird auctions.
She admits that she was initially sceptical about using a seat outside Wigan as the launch pad for his Westminster return, branding it a "huge risk". 
But it was a decision that has ultimately paid off for both of them, paving the way for his return to Parliament and her elevation back into the cabinet.
Born and raised in Sheffield, Haigh has said party politics did not play a big role in her early life before she joined the Labour Party in her teens after being influenced by a "very left-wing economics teacher".
Her parents separated in her early teens and she lived with her mother, who enrolled her in a private girls' school in the city, something she would later admit to finding "quite uncomfortable" as a Labour MP.
She started a degree at the London School of Economics, but left after "absolutely hating" student life in the capital, instead deciding to study politics at Nottingham University.
She went on to work for various Labour MPs, including party veteran Jon Trickett and Lisa Nandy, and became a volunteer police officer for the Met.
As shop steward for parliamentary staff at Unite the union, she spearheaded a cost of living push to reduce the price of food and snacks on the parliamentary estate, and for a mothballed bar to be reopened by a "workers' co-operative".
Elected in 2015 as MP for Sheffield Heeley at the age of 27, she nominated Jeremy Corbyn instead of Andy Burnham in that year's Labour leadership contest, a decision she would claim to regret in more recent years.
She later recalled getting to know Burnham after her mother confronted him at a party hustings in Doncaster, to ask whether he planned to give her daughter a job if his bid for the Labour crown was successful.
Corbyn gave Haigh her first shadow ministerial role, and kept her on his frontbench despite her backing Owen Smith's failed 2016 bid to topple him as Labour leader.
Despite nominating former boss Nandy in the 2020 contest to replace him, eventual winner Sir Keir Starmer promoted her into the shadow cabinet as shadow Northern Ireland secretary, before she later became shadow transport secretary.
It was in this role that she forged a close working relationship with England's metro mayors, including Burnham, who by that point had begun his second term as mayor of Greater Manchester.
After Labour's election victory, she took the helm at the transport department, making headlines with an early decision to give train drivers a 14% pay rise across three years to end their long-running strike action.
She was dubbed "Red Lou" in the press, reflecting her vibrant shades of dyed hair as well as her emerging reputation as one of the more left-leaning members of Starmer's cabinet.
Her criticism of P&O Ferries' decision to sack hundreds of workers in 2022 led to a public rebuke by the prime minister, after the remarks threw the attendance of its parent company at a government investment summit into doubt.
Just a month later came her resignation, after her previous conviction for making a false report to police in 2013 was revealed in the media.
The incident dated back to her time working at insurance giant Aviva, when a work phone she had reported as stolen was later found. She said it was a "genuine mistake" and she had pleaded guilty on the advice of her lawyer.
Haigh said she had told Sir Keir about the episode when Labour was in opposition, but was asked by Downing Street to offer her resignation after the story broke because "additional information" had come to light.
"But at no point would any of them tell me what that additional information was," she recently said in an interview.
Her resignation, however, afforded her the freedom to expound the political ideas that are expected to feature heavily in Burnham's administration. 
In two essays published shortly before his Makerfield campaign, Haigh set out a vision for a radical reshaping of the British state.
This included a significant loosening of Labour's debt rules, with the rolling five-year debt target extended instead over 10 years, and a call to "re-examine the mandate" of the Bank of England with a greater focus on growth.
She also argued for several key policies previously advocated by the new prime minister, including a new tax on the value of land to replace stamp duty on house purchases.
"The status quo is not sustainable," she wrote. "We cannot afford to wait any longer before we change the system we inherited."
It is a task she will now be charged with delivering, from a seat in the cockpit of the new Burnham administration.Did you get to see the 2024 film Civil War, with its dystopian depiction of a present day USA in the midst of a violent meltdown?
What made it such an effective thriller was that it all seemed so frighteningly real. Although the two sides in that civil war were fictitious, it hit a raw nerve precisely because of the very obvious divides that scar modern day America.
But interestingly it was actually written and directed by a British film-maker, Alex Garland, and he expressed worries about his home country, as well as the US. In both countries, he told the Guardian, "there's a lot to be very concerned about".
He's not alone. If you are an avid user of social media, you could almost believe that we are a nation disunited enough to have a full-on civil war of our own. And even away from the exaggerated adversarialism online, there are plenty of people worried that Britain is gripped by uncontrollable rage.
It's a sense of discord that Britain's new prime minister, Andy Burnham, seems to recognise. Since announcing his run for the Makerfield seat in May, he's repeatedly urged Britons to forget about party labels or factional identities and instead unite around pride in their local area. "Place first, not party first", is how he puts it.
And as he entered Downing Street on Monday, he called for a "new national sense of unity, of common purpose and positivity".
But it's worth asking: just how divided really is Britain?
Some talk as though the population is ready to wield the pitchforks; that we are close to social breakdown; that a small spark could lead to a serious fire.
Last year, a commission co-chaired by the former Home Secretary, Sir Sajid Javid, warned in a report: "The bonds that hold society together - civic participation, and a shared sense of belonging - are under growing pressure."
Well, I have just had the privilege of spending a month journeying - literally and figuratively - through some of the divisions that define modern Britain, for a Radio 4 series.
Is there any common ground left in the country that Burnham has now inherited - or are we polarised to the point of no-repair?
For a long time, Britain had a clear, defining split: social class. What kind of job you had, how you spoke, what time you had your evening meal, what you watched on TV, how you voted… it was all pre-determined by your working or middle class background.
Today, that has got a lot more complicated with a decline in the number of jobs that would have been regarded as "working class", and a big rise in the number of young people going to university from those backgrounds. That's not to say it isn't still there.
But probably the most obvious faultline in Britain and other western countries now is in values, with a marked difference between two sides: progressives on one side, and social conservatives on the other.  If we have a civil war any time soon, it'll be the Allied Readers of the Guardian versus the United League of GB News Viewers. That schism is more clearly driven by age and education than it is by class.
This clash defines politics at the moment, and manifests in rows about "woke" values, patriotism, and immigration. And what makes it so intense is a feeling, held by some on both sides, that the other side is some kind of existential threat to their vision of what society should be.
Because this is such a clear schism, we commissioned polling from the More in Common research institute (covering Great Britain, not Northern Ireland).
We asked respondents if they prefer living in communities "where more people come from different cultural backgrounds", or "where most people come from the same cultural background". We found a population split down the middle: 53% prefer a diverse community, 47% said they preferred a more homogenous one.
It poses a challenge for Burnham: it's much harder to settle a national argument where there is a 50-50 divide, than where one side dominates completely.
On the specific question of immigration, however, the country looks more united. Our poll found that about three-quarters of Britons thought immigration was too high. Burnham himself has said that net migration was "way too high" under the Conservative government, and said he'll try to "find the right balance" on the issue.
But that's not the only faultline cutting across British society. From my conversations around the country, I heard a list of other, quite distinct concerns. These are often bound up under one general heading of "polarisation", but it's been illuminating to unpack them.
One specific worry - most keenly felt on the right - is about social integration. It is whether in some cities, there are communities of different culture, ethnicity and even language, residing right next to each other but living totally separate lives. We saw that voiced in Leicester, the city with the highest share of people who speak a main language that's not English.
Jason, a 54-year-old window installer, has watched the city undergo this change, and has made Hindu and Sikh friends. But Jason, who is white British, also has his complaints, and says that Muslim families in the area tend to turn down his services. "They do stick to their own."
He says there's one part of the city he now stays away from, after he was racially abused last year by a group of men in a car "calling me a white so-and-so". And he finds the language barrier particularly difficult. "Sometimes it's very hard to take an inquiry on the phone. You're doing a quote on the windows and you just really can't communicate."
And then there's another worry - perhaps felt more keenly on the left - about what some see as rising levels of racism and violence. From Southport to Southampton, racial tensions have erupted on the streets in the last few years.
Hannah Henderson, who runs a dog-friendly coffee shop in Southampton, says she was recently driving with her daughter when they passed a hotel that houses asylum seekers. "There was a protest happening… people with the St George's flags around their shoulders… police lining up. She felt really unsafe. She's twelve. She didn't really understand, why would people be so cross?".
And then there's the divide between different places. Some residents of deprived, post-industrial towns - areas that have suffered from the disappearance of manufacturing and mining - feel a quiet frustration towards larger, economically flourishing cities. Those smaller towns tend not to have a university, and they tend to have a run down high street, giving a visual sense of decline. Places like Wigan - in Greater Manchester, Burnham's stronghold - often languish next to the bigger cities in whose shadow they sit.
This is a point made by Fiona Hill, the daughter of a coal miner from Bishop Auckland who later moved to Washington DC to become a senior White House adviser. Her book, There's Nothing For You Here, is named after the advice her father gave when she left school in 1984.
"The reason it's called 'left behind' is because you look at health outcomes, education, transport, access to amenities… and all of the [towns] that we're talking about are left behind," says Hill, who is now chancellor of Durham University. "Certainly they're not on the same level as… the flourishing city centres in Manchester, Liverpool, and absolutely not at the same level as London."
Another, related concern is that we simply share too little these days: we do things at home alone; we don't go to church together each Sunday; we barely go out to the pub like we used to.
And on the national level - in England at least - there's only a vague sense of identity. Yes, most of us might enjoy watching the national football teams. But is that all our sense of nationhood consists of now? Even the flag - and its place on lampposts and signs - has become divisive.
Playwright James Graham thinks that a nation is largely defined via "the story it tells itself" - and parts of England, he says, feel excluded from the national story.
"Some people get bigger roles than others in that story, historically," he says. "If you see yourself on screen or stage, or in film or books or newspapers, if you feel like you're being seen and you're being heard and you feel part of a story, that does temper some of the natural bitterness and resentment that you feel when your economic situation isn't quite so good."
It all suggests Britain is a nation not quite at ease with itself and with a lot to fix.
That being said, we found a lot of common ground talking to people around Britain; reasonable folks dispirited by the problems they observe, but ready to navigate their way through them constructively. For every riot, there are volunteers who'll come out the next day to clean up the mess.
Often there's a sports team or community centre that becomes a focal point for neighbourly spirit. At Grimsby Town Football Club, we heard from Christine Green, who started volunteering for the club during a difficult period in her life. "I was going through a divorce and… needed something to occupy my time and my mind so I'm not focusing on negative stuff", she remembers.
She lives in the deprived East Marsh area of Grimsby, a neighbourhood she says is often derided as a place of crime and unemployment. It is an image she doesn't recognise. "I know the person next door and I know the person across the road. My mum lives the next block up and my daughter can take the dogs for a walk. That's nice to me - not living in a secluded house where you've got no idea who anybody is around you."
Lord Stockwood, the Grimsby-born entrepreneur who bought the football club in 2021, says: "In an increasingly complex and crazy world, this is a place of permanence and love and memory for me and for many others."
Indeed, in our poll, it was encouraging that most respondents didn't seem to want to burn their locality down. We asked respondents if the city, town, or village they lived in was a good place to live and work. A full 70% thought their location was "very good" or "somewhat good" as a place to live. (It was less than that, only about half, who thought it was a good place to work.)
But is 70% good enough? You can take a glass two-thirds full or a third empty view of that figure.
I do wonder if one way of finding common ground will be a renewed focus on the idea of "place". Increasingly, there's a push - from politicians and academics - to help people forge (or re-forge) connections to their local areas.
Certainly, Burnham seems to agree. When we embarked upon this journey, we didn't know he would be entering No 10. What fortuitous timing. He must have spent more time outside London in the years running up to his premiership than any other modern prime minister - and it's fascinating to see where that's landed him.
Last year, he told the Institute for Government think tank: "Place is a unifying force. However people vote, they are united by a desire to see the place where they live move forward."
From the capital, the thinking goes, it's easy to think that if we can make Britain work, then each community will flourish. It might be that we really need to do it the other way round - if we can make each community flourish, then the country will work.
That's not straightforward by the way. As Burnham knows, it has been easier to revitalise Manchester than the many towns spread around it.  But creating social cohesion where it is lacking, is surely a defining mission of Burnham's premiership.

Top picture credit: Getty Images
BBC InDepth is the home on the website and app for the best analysis, with fresh perspectives that challenge assumptions and deep reporting on the biggest issues of the day. Emma Barnett and John Simpson bring their pick of the most thought-provoking deep reads and analysis, every Saturday. Sign up for the newsletter hereDaisy Kelly's business was inspired by a personal problem - for years she'd been pulling out her eyelashes. 
She hid her habit with lash extensions, but when beauty salons closed during Covid Daisy decided to create a serum to help her eyelashes grow back.
She started Glow For It from her mother's kitchen table in 2020 while she was a student and now her business generates £6m a year in sales.
More than 40% of Daisy's sales come from TikTok Shop UK and increasingly from livestreams.
"I think live shopping gives people that connection and interaction that we're all craving... We actually generated over £100,000 revenue in one 12 hour TikTok live," says Daisy, 27.
"It's categorically changed the trajectory of my business."
Daisy's business goes live from a studio for a minimum of six hours a day with different presenters interacting with shoppers, from showing off products to answering their questions.
"It's like having 500 people in your shop," she says.
There are a host of platforms and marketplaces now offering livestreams connecting sellers and customers, from Instagram Live, YouTube Shopping, to eBay and Amazon Live. They're all different.
Live shopping, it seems, is becoming part of everyday consumer behaviour for many.
According to new research from retail agency Savvy Marketing, 30% of shoppers surveyed said they'd bought something from a live shopping event.
"The big retailers have got to grab hold of this," says Catherine Shuttleworth, CEO of Savvy. "It's grown from nothing to a huge thing really quickly. If you haven't got a strategy for live selling, you're going to miss out."
TikTok Shop says its UK sales grew by more than 30% year-on-year in June, with live shopping the fastest-growing format.
It says it now has more than 6,000 livestreams taking place every day.
At an event in the centuries old Covent Garden market, it hosted 20 small businesses with stalls who were also selling live to customers all over the UK.
With nothing more than a smartphone, a lighting kit and a fridge full of fresh meat, halal butcher Manny Malik from Wolverhampton had around two hundred people tuning into his session.
"Last week we did a TikTok live for three hours and we sold £8,000 worth of meat," he says.
It would normally take him three to four days to sell this amount in his family shop, Malik Butchers.
They're now opening a second store in Stoke. TikTok, he says, is helping to drive his expansion.
But there are fees.
TikTok Shop UK keeps up to 9p from every £1 sold on the platform, as its standard commission. 
As a comparison, eBay's marketplace business sellers typically pay between 6.9p and 14.9p depending on the category. Businesses selling on the dedicated live selling format, eBay Live, pay a combined fee of up to 8.42p including payment processing.
"It's a lot," says Manny.
"For us in the meat game, there aren't huge margins. However, it's opened up a new platform. We didn't have these sales prior to TikTok. We're not losing money, we've got enough profitability in there," he adds.
Buket Sevik, 34, founded her jewellery brand Adorina in February after quitting her 9-5 job as a business manager. Her new business went from 50 orders a month to 500 orders a week since she started live selling on TikTok UK shop in May. 
She's gone from working from her dining table to live streaming from a small unit, where orders are now being packed.
"It's crazy," she laughs.
Demand is so high, she's trying to hire someone to help.
But for Buket, the best thing about livestreaming is the flexibility. 
"I can go live whenever I want... which means it works absolutely perfectly for me as a mum. I can put my daughter to sleep and I can just hit go live and do some sales."
Savvy's latest survey of shoppers also found that 66% of Gen Y and Gen Z shoppers said seeing products sell out or go viral made them more likely to buy.
That's something that worries the free debt advice service, Money Wellness, which warns live shopping events are "a recipe for overspending", says external relations manager Rebecca Lamb.
"Every time you snap up a bargain before it sells out, your brain gets a dopamine hit - the same rush you get from gambling," she says.
"And because a lot offer one tap payment, there's no card, no basket and no total. Often you've spent money before your brain has caught up," she says.
It's the start of the summer holidays and you've already had five battles with your child to get them to eat a bit of broccoli. 
For many parents, these few weeks can be a stressful time of the year at the dinner table. So how should we deal with our picky eaters? 
The BBC asked you for your tips on making mealtimes a more enjoyable experience.
Mum-of-four Natalia, from south-west London, makes veggie nuggets for her children.
"They like green beans but not by themselves, so we just fry them in a little bit of butter and dip in breadcrumbs. The same with cauliflower and lots of other vegetables," she says.
Teacher Kieron Fisher, who lives in Newbury, Berkshire, includes vegetables in meals his six-year-old twins Kit and Ollie already enjoy, such as curries and spaghetti Bolognese.
"It helps increase their vegetable intake without causing a battle."
Emma Robins, from Reading, says broccoli hidden in pesto pasta is a favourite for her three-year-old son Alfred, as well as veg pulsed into pasta sauces. She also recommends making your own burgers with vegetables.
A lack of routine in the holidays can be particularly challenging for some children, so Kieron suggests using visual boards showing the healthy snack they are about to have and another showing the activity they are going to do next.
Children with special educational needs can sometimes experience sensory difficulties when it comes to food - and are not classified as fussy eaters. Some of these suggestions may not be suitable for them.
"If they're hungry, they'll eat. I don't force them to because I think that can instil pressure," says Doone, from London. 
She says her daughter Cora, two, used to be the "best eater" but seeing others at nursery turn their noses up at certain foods made her do the same.
"I'm trying not to make a big deal of it. Even though they don't eat it, I always put the broccoli on the plate so that they're seeing it."
Emma suggests giving lots of options, so that kids think they are getting to choose. In Alfred's lunchbox, she always adds two or three healthy options.
And she says to praise them when they take an interest. "If they say one day they want carrots, run and get the carrots and give big praise when they eat them," Emma says.
It may take up to 15 attempts before kids learn to like new foods, research suggests.
"Keep going," says one mum outside Barnes Primary School, in south-west London. "Keep offering it and they will pick it up and try it. We try to make everyone try everything in our house, even the tiniest bit."
Sometimes it can be the colour or texture of a certain food that puts them off, another parent says, until they actually try it.
Children refusing to eat new foods or rejecting ones they've always liked is not unusual. More than half will show fussy eating habits at some point, the NHS says, external.
Vegetables, in particular, can taste quite bitter to young palates. Most habits will improve over time.
But if your kids start to avoid certain foods and limit how much they eat in an unhealthy way, it's worth seeking medical advice, external.
"I always eat with my girls and I eat what they're eating," says Doone, who has two "quite fussy eaters".
The British Nutrition Foundation agrees that food should be a family affair - allowing children to learn from what their parents do. When a bit older, they can help with preparation too.
Emma adds to the fun by taking her kids fruit picking and also by letting them choose at the supermarket, then having tasty picnics in the garden.
But first thing's first, says Kieron: think about the portion size.
"I make sure their plates aren't too full or overcrowded, as too much food at once can feel overwhelming," he says.
Doone says: "I am making a conscious effort not to give many snacks because then they're more hungry at dinner time."
Natalia leaves out healthy finger food, like chopped peppers and apples, for her children to pick at.
Don't completely ban them, says Kieron - just serve snacks alongside healthier options, like berries or other fruit, replicate snack times at school and don't stress about the odd treat.
"Six weeks [of summer holidays] is a long time, so it's about focusing on the overall balance of their diet rather than aiming for perfection every day," he says.A devastating wildfire burning in the Cairngorms has entered its seventh day, as helicopters battle to stop the spread of the flames.
Two specialist helicopters have been "invaluable" for waterbombing hard-to-reach areas, the Cairngorms National Park Authority says.
But the flames were allowed to torch the landscape for nearly two days before they arrived on the scene around Glenmore Forest Park.
There's been vocal frustration from some local people, who believe the wildfire might have been brought under control if specialist air support had been called in sooner.
Why the delay? Do Scotland's firefighters have the aerial resources they need to tackle the growing threat of wildfires?
The official line from the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service (SFRS) is that the Cairngorms wildfire has been "appropriately resourced" from the start, with more than 100 firefighters involved.
They have also been helped by an army of gamekeepers, estate workers and volunteers from neighbouring estates.
The blaze started near Ryvoan Bothy, south of Nethy Bridge, last Wednesday and by the weekend the response was scaled up to include six fire engines, two all-terrain vehicles (ATVs) and a Wildfire Support Unit alongside the two helicopters.
But unlike the rest of these vehicles, the SFRS has no direct access to firefighting helicopters.
There are also only a small number of private companies with the helicopters and specialist equipment needed, as well as the pilots with the skills to fight the fires.  
These aircraft can only be called in after approval by the fire service incident commander, and when the landowner has "contractual arrangements" in place to cover the costs.
On private land, this might require negotiations with insurance companies about whether a helicopter is necessary and whether the policy will cover the costs.
On public land, managed by Forestry and Land Scotland or NatureScot, costs of a helicopter callout would come out of the agency's funds.
The SFRS says that any request for helicopter support is a "multi-agency decision" which should be made at the "discretion of the incident commander" and their professional assessment of the fire.
Agencies involved might typically include Forestry and Land Scotland, Scottish government agency NatureScot, and private owners or land managers in the area under threat.
RSPB Scotland described the arrival of a helicopter as a "game changer" at its Loch Garten reserve in the Cairngorms last week.
SFRS deputy assistant chief officer Michael Humphreys said: "Helicopter support can of course be beneficial, and we will use them as and when they are available, however it is not always essential.
"Where a helicopter is not available, the tactical plan to fight the fire will always account for this.
"Aerial support complements the extensive work already being undertaken by firefighters and partner agencies on the ground and enhances our ability to limit the spread of fire where conditions allow."
Once a firefighting helicopter is available, the pilot will take instructions from the fire service's incident commander.
The pilots themselves bring with them experience and an airborne perspective which will carry significant weight in decision making.
A handful of commercial helicopter operators like Skyhook, based out of Fife Airport in Glenrothes, will provide this specialist response.
The firm has been leading the aerial efforts in the Cairngorms wildfire.
Skyhook says that during the summer months, pilots remain on "high alert for the danger of wildfires" and are ready to respond quickly.
It is an impressive and frankly dangerous task weaving through the hills - often with thick smoke rising - and largely, blindly, dipping large buckets in nearby lochs to scoop up a tonne of water at a time.
Just two years ago, firefighters from across the world, including wildfire hotspots like Australia, Portugal and Spain, gathered in Aberdeen for a conference to share the knowledge and techniques.
As part of that event, a helicopter was brought in to demonstrate close-up some of the methods used to dowse fires from the sky.
This was seen as particularly important and helpful to countries like Scotland, where the wildfire risk has been increasing with climate change.
Aerial firefighting pilots complete training far beyond standard helicopter flight. They're skilled in water collection, bucket deployment and precision flying.
Skyhook's helicopters can be fitted out with "Bambi Buckets". These carry up to 1,000 litres of water and allow repeated pick-ups and water drops.
But it says response times to wildfires will depend on any other job the helicopter is undertaking at the time. 
"As a commercial operator, we often receive requests several hours after a wildfire has already taken hold," a spokesperson tells the BBC.
"In many cases, an earlier aerial response has the potential to support ground crews while a fire is smaller and more easily contained.
"However, as a commercial helicopter operator, we are not currently funded or contracted by any organisation to maintain a dedicated aerial firefighting capability or crews on permanent standby."
Skyhook, of course, does not want to see Scotland's landscape burn. But as a private operator, it must balance its wildfire response with its commitments to commercial clients.
Some communities in the Cairngorms have long voiced frustration over the lack of a dedicated SFRS firefighting helicopter in Scotland.
Currently, pilots and helicopters could be tied up on other jobs when a wildfire call comes in. 
Both of these things can add to delays we sometimes see in helicopters being deployed to tackle fires.
The issue came into focus following the Dava Moor "megafire" in June last year.
The fires burned across more than 11,000 hectares (27,000 acres) at Carrbridge and Dava.
The Scottish government recorded an "issue around the mobilisation" of firefighting helicopters during the blaze - as they were already employed in commercial filming work. 
"The Scottish government said it had learnt the lessons after Dava Moor," says Sandy McCook, from Nethy Bridge community council.
"Well I'm sorry, but the lessons have not been learnt. 
"It is untenable the position they are taking that they have enough equipment. It is helicopters that are needed."
Andrew Baxter, Lib Dem MSP for Skye, Lochaber and Badenoch says he has taken the matter Scotland's Justice Secretary Neil Gray.
Baxter says both the Scottish and UK governments should have "publicly available" firefighting aircraft during the wildfire season, rather than relying on private operators.
"At the moment it takes too long to get support to where it is needed," he says.
"We risk seeing serious loss of life unless we have a robust fire plan with aircraft that can be called upon at short notice."
Neil Gray told the BBC that fire chiefs say they have access to "all the resources needed" to contain the Cairngorms blaze.
But he said if there were "requests and innovations" over the growing threat of wildfires, he would discuss this with the SFRS.
He added: "I'm incredibly proud of the response from officers."UK bumblebees could suffer sharp falls in their numbers as heatwaves become more frequent and intense, new analysis suggests.
The findings - shared exclusively with the BBC - draw on data from the Bumblebee Conservation Trust's long-running national monitoring scheme, which shows a decline in populations after the record-breaking heat of 2022.
The warning comes as Britain emerges from a third heatwave in as many months, with temperatures in the range where bumblebees can struggle to fly without overheating.
Bumblebees are not just one of the best-loved sights of the British summer, they are also vital pollinators, helping sustain wildflowers and some of the crops we rely on.
The impact of heatwaves is two-fold for bumblebees.
UK species are adapted to our historically cooler climate - with fat, furry bodies that help them retain heat and powerful flight muscles that warm them as they fly.
But in a heatwave their muscles generate more heat, while their thick coats and round bodies make it harder to cool down.
Dr Richard Comont, the Trust's science manager, says that once air temperatures reach around 28C to 32C, UK bumblebees can start to struggle to fly without overheating. If they cannot fly, they cannot forage.
"They actually cook themselves from the inside out," says Comont.  "Once their internal body temperature is much above 40C, they literally start dying, they start keeling over."
The BeeWalk data shows in 2022, when the UK had three official summer heatwaves and temperatures reached 40.3C, population numbers dropped significantly. 
Red-tailed, buff-tailed and common carder bumblebees - three of the country's most common species - peaked well below normal levels - down 20%, 25% and 35% respectively - before dropping further into autumn as colonies struggled.
The effects appeared to last beyond that summer. BeeWalk data showed overall queen numbers were below average in March, April and May 2023.
Scientists stress that warm, sunny weather is not automatically bad for bumblebees. Previous warm years have been good for some species, particularly those with more southerly ranges.
The problem is extreme heat and drought. As well as their overheating bodies, the other issue for bumblebees is dwindling supplies of food.
Colonies depend on workers bringing back a steady supply of nectar and pollen through the summer. If flowering plants begin to dry up, they produce less.
Dr Paul Williams, a bumblebee expert at the Natural History Museum, says foraging is an energy calculation for bumblebees. The nectar return has to make the expenditure of energy worthwhile. As he puts it, they need to "make a profit".
They cannot afford to waste energy searching dried-up flowers for nectar and pollen that is no longer there.
If they cannot find enough food, larvae develop more slowly, colonies grow less strongly and fewer new queens may be produced for the following year. 
Rising global temperatures, as a result of climate change, has put the UK on course for more frequent and intense heatwaves.
Conservationists say the best way to help is by creating more flower-rich habitats, so bumblebees can find food even as the climate becomes more extreme.
Dr Sarah Beynon is an insect expert whose west Wales farm is managed for wildlife as well as food. She has planted meadows, willows, hedgerows, tussocky grasses and late-flowering crops to give insects food through the summer.
"When we came, this farm was a wildlife desert," she says. "In 10 years, it's become a nature reserve."
Her message is that people do not need acres of land to help. A pot of native wildflowers on a doorstep or windowsill can act as a small refuelling stop for insects moving through a human-dominated landscape.
"Your flowerpot is a service station," she says. "It's somewhere to rest, refuel and carry on."  
Dr Richard Comont adds that putting in a pond - however small - and shade can also help.
Flowers growing near water tend to produce nectar with more moisture in it, he says. Bumblebees cannot collect water in the way honeybees do, they get most of the liquid they need from nectar, so wetter nectar can help make colonies more resilient in hot weather.
Whilst planting dense shrubs gives bumblebees places to escape the heat of the sun, and can allow them to move between flowers through cooler patches of air.
Sign up for our Future Earth newsletter to keep up with the latest climate and environment stories with the BBC's Justin Rowlatt. Outside the UK? Sign up to our international newsletter here.In her teens, Michelle Huynh, the eldest daughter of migrant parents in Australia, made a promise to her family that she would become a millionaire by the time she turned 30.
The 26-year-old describes it as "a somewhat silly promise" inspired by the sacrifices her non-English-speaking parents made to raise the family.
But she is trying to make that dream come true by investing her savings in the stock market.
"Times are so different and investing has become a necessity," says Huynh, who works in sales for a tech firm. "It feels like our purchasing power is shrinking. This is the only way to combat that."
This year, the technology-driven surge in stock markets has edged her closer to that goal.
With more than a third of her investments in tech stocks, by the middle of July that part of her savings had jumped this year by 50% - a rise of A$31,000 (£16,100; $21,666).
But those gains have now eased to about A$22,000 as the sector is going through what she calls a "wild moment".
Huynh says she's prepared for the volatility, viewing those investments as a long-term bet.
The rise in tech stocks, led by firms riding the artificial intelligence (AI) boom, has attracted large numbers of ordinary investors, many of them in their 20s and early 30s, even as some analysts warn that the fervour around AI may be overblown.
Retail investors have been caught up in the excitement, which has been fuelled by social media and marketing efforts to draw non-professionals, says Glenn Tan from advisory firm Providend.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq in the US is up by about 10% this year, while Japan's Nikkei 225 has risen by more than 20%.
But many tech stocks have seen big swings - both up and down.
That volatility is most apparent in South Korea. Seoul's Kospi index, which includes tech heavyweights like SK Hynix and Samsung Electronics, has jumped by more than 50% since January.
The rally has attracted an army of retail investors, known locally as "ants", which has helped fuel volatile trading.
"I could maybe count with my hands the number of people who aren't investing today," South Korean investor U Chan Lee says. "Even stay-at-home mothers, like my mum, who has never been interested in the stock market, are now interested."
But the Kospi has seen some dramatic moves. Since hitting a record high of more than 9,000 points in June it has plunged to around 6,500.
Trading on the benchmark index has been halted seven times this year under a mechanism called the circuit breaker, designed to calm panic selling after it fell by 8%.
Those slides have raised concerns over people who have borrowed money to invest in stocks, leading to South Korean authorities taking action to curb the practice.
Lee, 30, sold many of his shares last year when the Kospi surged, concerned the market was becoming "too overheated". Since then, he has shifted to buying stocks when they fall and selling them when they rise a few days later.
The swings reflect the hazards of investing in tech, some analysts warn.
As governments and companies pour hundreds of billions of dollars into developing AI, sceptics are asking whether the technology will be profitable enough to justify such huge investments.
People often make bets on "optimistic outcomes" or "the most visible winners" that are not based on a business's profitability, analyst Lale Akoner from investment firm eToro says.
Retail investors often view drops in shares as buying opportunities, treating each sell-off as a "test of conviction", she says, but they need to be aware of "how painful valuation resets can be".
Jacqueline Choi, from South Korea, says she missed out on bigger gains by not investing more ahead of the Kospi's rally, and was forced to sell Hyundai Motor and Samsung Electronics shares when she needed money.
"Why didn't I go in and buy those SK Hynix stocks or extra Samsung stocks with all of my savings?" the 28-year-old now wonders.
Earlier this month, computer chipmaker SK Hynix debuted in New York, raising $26.5bn to become the largest ever US listing by a foreign firm.
Some of Choi's friends have used thousands of dollars of their savings to invest in stocks.
"I should really invest more, knowing that investing can earn you so much more than your everyday job," she says.
Singaporean business student Shyan Lim is a firm believer in AI-related shares, putting about three-quarters of his savings into tech stocks.
The 24-year-old says there have been plenty of "uneasy" days when his investments plunged by as much as 10%, but he is willing to take his chances.
Overall, his bets have worked so far. In October, he invested 23,000 Singapore dollars (£13,185; $17,845) in chipmakers Intel and Micron. Those shares are now worth about 100,000 Singapore dollars.
"It feels like I'm one step closer to retirement," Lim says. "While I'm still young I think I can take the risk. I probably won't take such positions when I'm older."
With more than half of his investments in tech, George Lee, who recently graduated, says he is well aware of the lack of resources and other disadvantages that ordinary traders can face.
"Investing doesn't just come down to luck, though it does play a part," Lee says.
"As long as the fundamentals of a company don't change, I'm ready for the swings since I have time to let my shares run."
But not everyone is willing to bet it all on tech.
Singaporean student Ayush Deb says the sector accounts for only about a third of his investments. The 23-year-old says even that has been difficult for him, recalling how in June his memory chip-focused investments fell by more than 10% in just one day.
The same day, people on investment forums started discussing "who got burned".
"I've ridden the highs and lows of tech stocks but the sector is quite hard to read," says Deb, who has invested since his late teens. "I try to cut out a lot of the noise in this industry and focus on making informed picks."
Deb says he felt a sense of "FOMO" - fear of missing out - when he was unable to buy SpaceX stocks when Elon Musk's space and AI company listed in June.
But despite surging to $225 at one point, the shares have since dropped below their $135 stock market listing price.
That's as its potential for profitability has been questioned by some analysts.
Despite the buzz surrounding SpaceX, Singaporean investor Lim says he avoids newly listed stocks to give himself more time to study a company's operations.
He would do the same with Anthropic and OpenAI, as the leading AI developers eye $1 trillion stock market debuts, Lim adds.
In Sydney, Michelle Huynh, who creates her own finance-related social media content, says investing can be daunting for people entering the workforce because such skills are not widely taught in schools.
She added that staying on top of the news is an "underrated skill" and has recently turned to energy and metal stocks based on what she has read, believing they will benefit from heavy investment in chip manufacturing.
"I think many young people are afraid of investing - and validly so. It can feel like gambling if you're not aware of what's going on." Andrew and Tristan Tate are facing a bid by British prosecutors to have them extradited from the US to the UK after authorities issued 38 new charges against them.
US Marshals arrested the brothers in Miami on Saturday after the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) brought new charges, including rape and offences related to sex trafficking, against them.
Andrew, 39, and Tristan, 37 - who came to global fame via social media - have previously denied any wrongdoing.
The dual British-US citizens were taken into custody and appeared before a federal court on Monday as prosecutors launched legal proceedings to have them sent to the UK.
Self-proclaimed "misogynist" Andrew Tate first rose to fame after an appearance on the British version of reality TV show Big Brother in 2016. He only lasted six days on the programme, before being removed following the emergence of a video that appeared to show him attacking a woman.
He said at the time that the footage had been edited and was "a total lie trying to make me look bad".
Now, the former kickboxer boasts more than 10 million followers on X, formerly Twitter - and a worldwide profile. He has appeared in countless videos, flaunting an ultra-luxurious lifestyle of fast cars, private jets, and yachts.
Tate was banned from the social media platform for saying women should "bear responsibility" for being sexually assaulted, but has since been reinstated.
Tristan is Andrew's younger brother.
The CPS said on Sunday that Andrew was being charged with seven further counts of rape, three counts of arranging or facilitating trafficking for sexual exploitation, three counts of assault occasioning actual bodily harm and 19 additional charges for offences relating to indecent images of a child and extreme pornography.
Tristan's new charges include two counts of rape, one count of sexual assault and three counts of arranging or facilitating trafficking for sexual exploitation.
The alleged offending is said to have taken place between July 2010 and August 2017.
Andrew now faces a total of 42 charges in the UK and Tristan faces 17 charges, after CPS had pursued other charges last year.
"These charging decisions followed receipt of a further file of evidence from Bedfordshire Police and bring the total number of alleged victims in this case to seven," Malcolm McHaffie, Head of the Special Crime Division at the CPS, said.
The brothers have been based in Romania, where they are also under criminal investigation. In 2024, Bedfordshire Police secured European arrest warrants for the pair to have them returned from Romania when proceedings against them there conclude. They deny all allegations against them. 
The brothers have been able to travel to the US since travel restrictions against them in Romania were lifted in early 2025.
A US Department of Justice spokesperson said the arrests were "pursuant to extradition proceedings".
The UK and the US are parties to a treaty that allows the extradition of people in relation to alleged offences punishable under laws in both countries by at least one year in prison.
For a UK case, the CPS prepares a request which is certified by a judge. The final request is sent to be considered by the Home Office, which then forwards the extradition request to the relevant state through usual diplomatic channels.
The decision to accept the extradition request is taken by the US State Department. The request will then be considered by the US courts, with a final decision made by US Secretary of State Marco Rubio.
Appearing in a federal courtroom in Miami on Monday, the pair wore light brown prison uniforms and were handcuffed and shackled at the waist and ankles.
They spoke only when asked if they understood their rights to which they replied together "yes your honour".
The brothers' attorney, Joe McBride, told reporters after the brief hearing that his clients are innocent.
"They've never done nothing wrong. They shouldn't be extradited for crimes they didn't commit," McBride said.
"It's garbage. It's a stitch up job," he added.
He compared the charges against the men to the legal proceedings against US President Donald Trump - which he called a "witch hunt" - and referred to the attempted extradition as "political kidnapping".
When asked how long the extradition proceedings would take, McBride estimated ahead of the hearing that it would be "around 60 days".
Durham Law School Associate Professor Gemma Davies said there was a clause in the US-UK treaty that prevents extradition for political offences, adding lawyers for the Tates could argue the allegations are politically motivated.
"However, it's very rare extradition between the UK and US is refused on those grounds," Davies said, adding the test would be subject to a high threshold.
She said it was "relatively rare" for an extradition request between the two countries to be refused given the strong working relationship between authorities.
"It's fairly common to extradite between the two, which means it's well traversed from a legal perspective, and we are two countries that have fairly similar legal systems in terms of criminal justice," Davies said.
But Bill Bowring, Emeritus Professor of Law at Birkbeck College, University of London, said the ongoing proceedings in Romania were a "major complication".
He said he had not "seen a satisfactory answer" as to why the CPS was now pursuing extradition from the US after a Romanian court ruled in 2024 the pair could only be extradited from that country after the conclusion of their separate case there.
The BBC has requested comment from the CPS in relation to its position on the Romanian proceedings.
Davies said that if the CPS was successful, the extradition could still take months, with any appeal delaying the process by about a year, "if not more".Owners of a "blue lagoon" that went viral on TikTok during the Covid pandemic have warned people not to enter the site, particularly during the current hot weather.
Brombil Reservoir in Margam in Neath Port Talbot attracted thousands of visitors, which caused traffic problems and littering.
To reach the 30m-deep (100ft) reservoir, visitors must walk up a steep 900m (2,953ft) public footpath.
Leisure Estate Investments Ltd, which bought the secluded site at auction for £20,000 in 2024, are now charging £2 a visit as "a temporary deterrent" and have installed barriers on its dam face.
It is concerned about people swimming, paddleboarding, littering and damaging structures around the site.
Although the reservoir can be accessed via public footpaths, the barriers were installed to stop people from walking on the dam face - but these have since been removed by trespassers.
The owners said the £2 levy was introduced in an effort to manage unauthorised visits and help fund clean-up operations, as part of its efforts to discourage public access because of "inherent safety risks".
A spokesperson for the company said: "We have strictly banned [people] from going there and walking on the face of the dam.
"Our long-term vision has always been to build a sustainable public-private framework so the community can safely enjoy this asset.
"However, managing a critical piece of infrastructure presents immense structural, environmental, and financial challenges that cannot be indefinitely sustained by a private entity alone."
The reservoir is a flooded 19th Century colliery that was repurposed to supply water to Port Talbot Docks, and is now famous for its striking turquoise colour.
It plays a vital role in flood protection, helping shield downstream residential areas, and has a "unique aquatic ecosystem" that has faced "severe environmental degradation caused by fly-tipping and littering", Brombil Reservoir Ltd said.
After the landmark went viral on a TikTok video with more than one million views, nearby residents claimed they had been "suffering" because of the traffic and litter problems. 
To reach the 30m-deep (100ft) reservoir, visitors must walk up a steep 900m (2,953ft) public footpath, which is also the only way down. 
In an effort to combat vandalism, including the destruction of iron security gates on deep-water chambers and persistent littering, the company introduced the £2 charge.
It said it was to "manage unauthorised access and fund clean-up operations. It is not a commercial ticket".
The company added its goal was to safely open the site for public use, saying it recognised the benefits of "blue spaces" for health and well-being.
Since taking ownership in 2024, Brombil Reservoir Ltd said it had invested in structural surveys, engineering assessments, landscaping and waste clearance.
It added that compliance requirements from Natural Resources Wales (NRW) for high-risk dams had increased significantly, requiring tens of thousands of pounds in ongoing safety investment.
Matthew O'Brien of NRW's reservoir safety group said the Reservoirs Act 1975, meant owners were responsible "for ensuring their reservoirs are properly maintained and managed". 
He added that these rules were designed "to ensure that reservoirs are managed safely and help reduce the risk of flooding to people and property downstream". 
Owners of regulated reservoirs pay an annual fee of £276 towards NRW's regulatory costs, external. 
The company said it had repeatedly sought support from Neath Port Talbot council and local politicians to help fund and preserve the reservoir, but had received no response.
It added: "We genuinely want to work constructively with Neath Port Talbot council, NRW, and our political representatives to deliver a safe, biodiverse, and secure site."
Brombil Reservoir Ltd warned that without public sector support or a partnership agreement, it could be forced to "decommission the reservoir".
It added: "This would unfortunately eliminate the area's primary flood defence and destroy a vital ecological habitat. 
"We sincerely hope local authorities will join us at the table to find a sustainable, shared way forward."
The council said it had"offered advice where appropriate" to the reservoir owners.  
"As the site is privately owned, decisions regarding its operation and investment are a matter for the owner," it added. 
"Any future arrangements should ensure that visitor activity is managed responsibly and does not place undue pressure on local communities.
"We remain open to constructive dialogue with the owner."La Liga president Javier Tebas has called for Fifa president Gianni Infantino to step down, claiming the world governing body is "destroying the football industry".
In an interview with Italian newspaper La Gazzetta dello Sport, external, the head of the Spanish league also criticised World Cup hydration breaks, the final's lengthy half-time interval, the postponement of a suspension for United States striker Folarin Balogun, and the future possibility of a 64-team summer tournament.
When asked if Infantino should quit, Tebas said: "In my opinion, yes, I think his time is up."
However, he stated that the 56-year-old has the support of national federations, and claimed Fifa's election system is "rotten at its core".
"There's no opposition candidate, nobody wants to stand just to lose," Tebas said.
"He shouldn't stay, but the current state of affairs means he won't leave."
The head of Spain's top flight was in the US to see his country win the 2026 World Cup.
"These past few days here in America, I've heard many people who are against Infantino, who disagree with what he's doing," Tebas said.
"They say it, but then they do nothing. I don't know what's worse, the silence or the complicity, because those who stay silent are perfectly aware of the damage football is suffering."
Infantino is expected to be re-elected for a fourth term at Fifa's March congress, although Tebas believes Infantino could have been brought down as a consequence of his involvement in the case around Balogun.
The 25-year-old US player escaped a suspension for his side's last-16 tie with Belgium following an intervention from US President Donald Trump.
"The suspension of the American player's ban was absolutely serious. They were lucky that Belgium eliminated the USA, because otherwise a case could have arisen that might have cost Infantino his job," Tebas said.
"Since Belgium won, they managed to bury the matter. But these things are just the tip of the iceberg."
European football's governing body Uefa criticised Fifa's decision at the time, calling it "unprecedented, incomprehensible and unjustifiable", and the decision was a factor in the organisation's president Aleksander Ceferin not attending the World Cup final.
Infantino opened the door to a 64-team global tournament during this year's event, but Tebas argued that "not everything can revolve around the World Cup".
"Increasing the number of national teams makes no sense. The football industry isn't just the World Cup," Tebas said.
"It's the national competitions that sustain this sport. They are destroying the football industry, which generates tens of thousands of jobs, for an event that lasts 40 days and involves a minority of players.
"Are the best players there? Clearly, but they are also in our leagues. We need fewer international matches and more protection for national football, at all levels. They don't realise they are making irresponsible decisions."
Fifa brought in mandatory three-minute hydration breaks for the World Cup, regardless of conditions, for all matches played at stadiums in the United States, Mexico and Canada.
The governing body said they were brought in as a commitment to player welfare, but critics have pointed to broadcasters using the breaks as a way to cash in with commercials.
Meanwhile pop music giants Madonna, BTS, Shakira and Justin Bieber were among the acts to perform in the World Cup final half-time show, which extended the usual 15-minute half-time break to 27 minutes 22 seconds.
"Fifa arranges things as it pleases, for what it wants, for its own interests, certainly not for football," said Tebas. "So, if they need a 27-minute half-time break, they'll have it.
"Hydration breaks are a lie. We have them in La Liga, but only when it's genuinely hot.
"Here, the pitches in Dallas, Los Angeles, Atlanta had air conditioning; I had to put on a jumper in the stands. It was a lie, a break for advertising.
"It's proof that we are governed by an institution that does and decides what it wants, when it wants, following only its own interests without considering the rest of football. And in many cases, it acts to the detriment of football."
BBC Sport has contacted Fifa for comment.Protests have taken place in Italy after the death of a Moroccan-born man while being forcibly restrained by two police officers in the northern city of Bologna.
Several thousand people took to the streets on Monday night demanding "justice for Abderrahim Fakir". 
A smaller group then splintered off and clashed with police into the night. Prosecutors say 64 police were hurt in the unrest. 
Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni said it was imperative that the truth surrounding his death should be investigated but "nothing can justify violence against law enforcement".
Police had been called on Sunday morning after a neighbour witnessed Fakir "behaving erratically" and kicking garage doors in the working class neighbourhood of Pilastro. The officers tried to calm the situation but then used pepper spray.
A video circulating on Italian media shows two policemen sitting on Fakir as he lies  face down and cries out for them to stop. A third person who is not a policeman pins his legs down as emergency workers stand by. 
About two minutes into the video, Fakir stops struggling. The police officers tie his wrists and ankles and, when one of them realises Fakir is no longer moving, slaps him twice on the cheek. By the time an ambulance worker approaches, it is clear Fakir is unconscious.
Prosecutors in Bologna have opened an investigation into manslaughter against the police officers and the medical workers who were present at the scene. 
Several eyewitnesses told Italian media that while Fakir appeared to be in distress he did not threaten anybody and was clearly unarmed. 
"You can't die like this," his sister Khadija told Italian media. "They killed him mercilessly, and I want the truth." 
Bologna mayor Matteo Lepore told Italy's La Repubblica newspaper that anyone who watched the video was "shocked". 
He called for the demonstration in central Bologna on Monday evening and invited Fakir's niece to join him on stage. 
"He was my uncle. He wasn't a number, he wasn't a news line... he was loved," Yossra Fakir said. "He deserved to be helped and heard, and he deserved dignity."
While the main demonstration on Monday night was peaceful, about 100 protesters clashed with police into the night and set two cars alight. 
Lepore said on Tuesday he had seen "two different squares" in Bologna - "thousands of people gathered peacefully and spontaneously to express their support for Abderrahim Fakir's family" and a smaller group "who think they can respond to violence with violence".
Domenico Pianese, the Secretary-General of the police union, criticised Lepore's decision to call for a demonstration that later descended into chaos. 
Calling for a protest "the day after a dramatic event like this one," Pianese said, was like calling "all the pseudo-anarchists and those who are anti-police... to take advantage and protest against the state".
Asked about what police got wrong when they detained Fakir, he said: "Judging from the images we saw, the intervention was carried out correctly."
Pianese argued that the fact the two officers had to use pepper spray and needed the help of a civilian to restrain Fakir showed that the use of force had not been excessive. "The first thing they did [after the incident] was... hand all [bodycam] footage to prosecutors," he said.
Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni called the events "unacceptable". 
While Fakir's death should be "thoroughly investigated," she said, "nothing can justify violence against police."
"Those who chose to use this incident as a pretext to set the city ablaze, attack officers, and sow violence... were not seeking the truth: they were seeking confrontation," she said. 
According to Italian media Fakir's family arrived in Italy over three decades ago and had been living near Bologna since, where Fakir ran a small logistics and delivery company. 
The lawyer who was handling his residency permit request, Barbara Spinelli, wrote on Facebook: "[Fakir] was a hardworker, he was kind... Ask yourselves why he died in the hands of those who had an institutional duty to protect his life."
Some of the signs at the Bologna protest referenced other infamous cases of people who have died in police custody, like that of Stefano Cucchi, who died in 2009 after being held by police for six days.
His sister Ilaria Cucchi, now a senator and member of the opposition Greens and Left Alliance party, criticised the government for the "solidarity" expressed to police. 
Others on the opposition benches too criticised the government's backing of the police.
"If the right wants to import the ICE model, this is the wrong country for it," Francesco Boccia of the centre-left Democratic Party (PD) told the media.Thames Water's main lenders are offering the government a "golden share" and more control for local authorities in a bid to stop the troubled supplier from being nationalised.
The government recently rejected a previous rescue proposal, and the BBC understands the lenders are preparing a legal challenge in case the new Andy Burnham-led government takes the firm into public hands.
The "golden share" would give the government veto powers over major decisions such as mergers.
The lenders are also proposing giving local authorities greater involvement in the firm, similar to the relationship between United Utilities and Greater Manchester agreed when Burnham was the city's mayor.
In his first speech as prime minister on Monday, Burnham said he wanted to see greater public control of "life's essentials".
Sources close to the creditors have told the BBC that in the event of full nationalisation they would pursue payment in full of the outstanding debts, as has happened in previous cases, which could leave the government with a multi-billion-pound bill.
The London & Valley Water (L&VW ) consortium of lenders had already proposed a £10bn deal to prevent Thames Water from entering administration. It would involve writing off nearly half of its debt and injecting new cash in return for leniency on future pollution fines. 
The deal was rejected by the government in June, with then-environment secretary Emma Reynolds saying it did not do enough for consumers or the environment.
Sources close to the new deal said the creditors had sweetened it with hundreds of millions in new money on top of the existing offer. 
A golden share would give the government veto power over major decisions such as mergers and acquisitions. Golden shares are seen as a way for the government to retain a stake in companies of national significance or importance, such as Royal Mail or Rolls Royce.
Any new proposals would have to be reviewed by Ofwat, the regulator.
A government spokesperson said Thames Water "remains financially stable, but we stand ready for all eventualities, including applying for a Special Administration Regime [SAR] if that were to become necessary".
"The government will always act in the national interest on these issues," they added.
An SAR is a form of temporary nationalisation which would allow the government to recoup some taxpayer cash if Thames was sold again to a private buyer.
L&VW said on Tuesday that the new offer had "material improvements" on the old one, and would benefit customers.
A spokesperson said: "We continue to believe that the L&VW plan is by far the fastest and most reliable route to solving Thames Water's complex problems and improving outcomes for customers and the environment."
They said the new deal "achieves this without any government funding or cost to taxpayers".
Fears first emerged three years ago that Thames Water could collapse and it has recently warned it could run out of cash by November.
If the company does go bust, households will still have drinking water and sewerage services.
Thames Water announced a hosepipe ban for all of its customers on Tuesday morning, citing the UK's "exceptionally warm and dry spring".
The company, which supplies water and wastewater services for 16 million people across London and parts of southern England, was handed a £122.7m fine last year, the biggest ever issued by the industry regulator Ofwat, for breaching rules on sewage spills and shareholder payouts.
Sources close to the creditors have previously told the BBC that in the event of full nationalisation, they would pursue payment in full of the outstanding debts as has happened in previous cases, which could leave the government with a multi-billion-pound bill.The government borrowed slightly less than expected in June, according to figures published as new Prime Minister Andy Burnham began setting out measures to cut living costs for households.  
Borrowing - the difference between spending and income from taxes - was £16bn, about £7.9bn lower than a year earlier, although analysts said challenges remained over the UK's public finances.
Other data showed the unemployment rate was unchanged, with the Office for National Statistics (ONS) saying the labour market was "relatively steady".
However, while the borrowing figure was less than forecast, the ONS said total debt was high by historical standards and close to the annual value of the UK economy.
Borrowing for June was slightly below the £16.3bn that had been predicted by the government's official forecaster, the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR).
Ruth Gregory, deputy chief UK economist at Capital Economics, said June's figure was "a rare piece of good news" for the new prime minister and his new Chancellor, John Healey.
However, she added: "Overall, there's no escaping the fact that the public finances are fragile and that there is limited scope for extra borrowing."
So far in the current financial year, borrowing has reached a total of £57.6bn, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS). While this is down £3.7bn from the same period last year, it is £2.7bn above the OBR's forecast.
James Smith, chief UK economist at ING, told the BBC's Today programme the fact that borrowing was still running ahead of the OBR's projections was "a reminder of the challenges that the new chancellor and the new prime minister face".
He added they would face a "difficult picture" at the autumn Budget, with "lots of tough choices to be made".
Burnham and Healey have both pledged to stick to former chancellor Rachel Reeves' fiscal rules on spending and borrowing, although the new prime minister said on Monday he would use "any flexibility within them" to help with policy changes. 
Shortly after Burnham's comments were made public, the yield on 10-year government bonds - effectively the interest rate charged to the UK government for a 10-year loan - rose above 5%.
The yield hit 5.03% late on Monday afternoon. However, when trading began on Tuesday the rate slipped back slightly to 5.01%.
In a statement released on Monday, Healey said "fiscal credibility is the bedrock for economic stability and for national security".
Shadow chancellor Sir Mel Stride said Labour had "maxed out the nation's credit card and sent borrowing soaring".
"If Andy Burnham and John Healey are really serious about the future of our economy then they must get borrowing under control," he said.
The new leadership's first major policy announcement was to cut VAT on household electricity bills from 5% to zero from the beginning of October.
Ministers said it would be funded by savings from the cancellation of the digital ID programme, but Labour's Darren Jones, who was sacked as chief secretary to the prime minister on Monday, accused the government of announcing an unfunded tax cut.

June's borrowing figure was helped by higher revenues from income tax and VAT, while interest payments on inflation-linked debt fell.
The government paid £11.8bn in debt interest payments in June, which was nearly a third lower than the same point last year. 
However, it was still the fourth highest total for June on record, the ONS said.
Public sector net debt currently stands at nearly £3 trillion, which is almost as much as the value of all the goods and services produced in the UK in a year, known as the gross domestic product, or GDP.
However, in the October 2024 Budget, Reeves changed the definition of debt that the government would use in its fiscal rules to a broader measure called public sector net financial liabilities (PSNFL). 
Under this measure, total debt was £2.7tn at the end of June 2026, the equivalent of 84.5% of GDP.
Meanwhile, the latest survey of the labour market showed the unemployment rate remained unchanged at 4.9%.
Growth in regular earnings - which excludes bonuses - remained unchanged, rising at an annual pace of 3.4% in the March to May period.
However, the ONS noted that regular wage growth in the private sector fell below 3% for the first time since 2020.
Yael Selfin, chief economist at KPMG, said the "subdued" wage growth made it more likely that the Bank of England would keep interest rates on hold at 3.75% when it meets next week.
"Weak hiring activity is continuing to weigh on workers' bargaining power, limiting upward pressure on wages," she added.
"Workers are also set to see a renewed squeeze on living standards during the second half of the year as higher energy costs feed through to household bills."Three teenagers have been jailed for murdering a 16-year-old boy during a confrontation between rival groups on a beach in North Ayrshire last year.
They were convicted of stabbing apprentice painter and decorator Kayden Moy on Irvine Beach on 17 May 2025.
Cole Turley, 18, who had pleaded guilty to the murder, and Jay Stewart, 19 were given life sentences and told they will serve a minimum of 16 years.
A third teenager -  a 15-year-old who cannot be named for legal reasons - will be detained for a minimum of 14 years.
Speaking outside the High Court in Glasgow, Moy's father said his family's grief meant they were themselves enduring a life sentence.
Paul Moy said: "While today's outcome brings a measure of justice, it does not bring peace, it does not bring our son back.
"Kayden was more than a name in the courtroom or a headline in the news, he was our son, he was loved beyond words and had his whole life ahead of him.
"We hope today's sentence sends a clear message that violence has a devastating and irreversible consequences.
"One moment of violence has destroyed so many lives and no family should ever have to endure the pain that we now live with every day."
Passing sentence, Judge Lord Scott said Moy's death was "pointless and unnecessary".
He said the attackers "travelled to Irvine, armed, intent on a reprisal for some slight".
He added: "It could have been anyone but Kayden slipped and fell."
The court heard that Stewart and the 15-year-old - while acting with Turley - chased Moy and repeatedly stabbed him with a lock knife after he fell to the ground.
Stewart brandished his baton and was heard to shout "Murray Boys". He then told a witness at the scene that his victim "deserved it."
After running from the scene, Turley stuck the knife into the grass and was overheard boasting that he "just done him."
Turley also shouted "One-nil."
CCTV showed the trio running down a road near to the beach - stopping momentarily to embrace each other.
They also  went on to create a rap song mocking Moy who at the time was fighting for his life in hospital, and Turley acted out the murder on the couch of a friend whose flat was used as a hide-out.
That friend, Fraser Wallace, told the court the teenagers were "over the moon" after the attack.
He said: "I have never seen people as happy in my life."
The witness stated that the 15-year-old told him that he gave the murder weapon to Turley before the stabbing
Stewart and the younger boy had both denied murder but were found guilty last month after a trial at the High Court in Glasgow. 
Prosecutor Liam Ewing KC said the group's apparent congratulations to each other after the stabbing were "the actions of those who have accomplished what they came to do".
The trial heard the attackers were members of the Murray Boys gang from East Kilbride, while Moy was a member of the rival Himshie group.
The trio had travelled to Irvine beach after a fight between the groups earlier that day.
Stewart, who was also armed with an extendable baton, had previously made threats towards Moy on social media.
The boys threw rocks at Moy and his friends - which prosecutors said was intended to draw them into a fight.
After the stabbing, which led to scenes of chaos on the beach, they took a taxi back to East Kilbride. 
Earlier, Donald Findlay KC spoke in mitigation for Stewart. He told the court that Stewart and Kayden Moy had been "close friends at one time".
He added: "But two groups were formed and took to behaving in the way that they did. Violence was commonplace."
He said Stewart regrets what happens and has been "very affected" since his conviction.
Stewart was subject to a community payback order at the time for possession of a machete which was imposed four days before the murder.
His other previous conviction was a breach of the peace with a knife.
Mark Stewart KC, representing Turley, said the 18-year-old "didn't intend to kill or want to kill Kayden Moy but he accepts that he did".
Iain Duguid KC for the third teenager said he was 14-years-old at the time of the murder and his "immaturity" had been highlighted in criminal justice social work reports.
He said the teenager had a "traumatic upbringing" and has since engaged in education projects while in secure accommodation.
He will be detained in secure accommodation until he is 19, before being transferred to prison.
Moira Orr, who leads on homicide for the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal service said: "The three accused, all teenagers, made themselves potential murderers the moment they armed themselves with at least one knife.
"And murderers they became. One of them - Cole Turley - struck the fatal blow but prosecutors proved that all three were part of the planning and execution of the crime.
"It is difficult to adequately express the devastation caused by their decision to carry a bladed weapon."A Russian warship, shadowed by a Royal Navy vessel, carried out a live-fire artillery exercise just 46 miles (74km) south of Plymouth on Monday.
The Royal Navy monitored the exercise and is continuing to "track the vessel's activity closely", a Ministry of Defence (MoD) spokesperson said.
The Russian frigate, Neustrashimy (English: Dauntless), was also being monitored by a French military aircraft which made radio contact with the warship asking it to clarify its intentions, the BBC has been told.
The BBC was told that, prior to opening fire, the Russian warship had informed the Royal Navy Offshore Patrol Vessel, HMS Tyne, of its intention to conduct gunnery activity.
The Russian warship requested that HMS Tyne reposition to a safer distance, which it did. The Russian live-fire exercise took place in international waters and lasted for 30 minutes.
The incident will be a reminder for the new prime minister of increased Russian naval activity near UK waters in recent months. UK defence sources would not comment on whether the incident might have been timed to coincide with the start of Andy Burnham's premiership.
Last month, Royal Marine Commandos boarded a Russian "shadow fleet" oil tanker in the English Channel in a six-hour operation which was the first of its kind by UK armed forces.
Also in June, a British couple in international waters in the English Channel came across a Russian warship - Admiral Grigorovich - 23 miles off the Isle of Wight.
The frigate fired warning shots as Jane and Alan Kelvey sailed their yacht on what Russia's defence ministry said had been a "dangerous approach". However, the couple said they had not been on a "collision course".
Russian warships regularly pass through international waters in the Channel, which are separate from UK and French territorial waters.
BBC Verify has analysed flight and ship-tracking data which shows the position of HMS Tyne and several British military aircraft operating in and around the Channel near Plymouth on Monday.
Flight data on ADS-B Exchange indicates at least four Royal Air Force and Royal Navy aircraft were flying off the coast of Dorset mostly above the UK's territorial waters, including two Eurofighter Typhoons, a Voyager air refuelling tanker and a Super Lynx helicopter.
A French military H160M Guépard helicopter also flew out and over the Channel during the afternoon. It is not clear if this is the aircraft which made contact with the Russian warship.
Data on ship-tracking service MarineTraffic shows HMS Tyne began to broadcast its location about 40 miles off Plymouth at 13:57 BST on Monday. It remained in that location for around two hours before departing at 15:56 to return to Plymouth.
HMS Tyne has been tracking Neustrashimy since at least 16 July when both vessels were also captured in the North Sea about 36 miles miles from the port of Felixstowe in Suffolk on a satellite image.
Additional reporting by Ella Kipling, Barbara Metzler, Thomas Spencer and Patrick Jackson Like everywhere, the world's smallest island nation has been gripped by football fever for the past six weeks. But once Spain lifted the World Cup trophy on Sunday, almost every trace of football on Nauru stopped.
Football is almost non-existent on this Pacific island. Nauru has never fielded a team in an official international match and it has just one – hard sand – pitch.
While there is interest in big Premier League matches, and children wear Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo kits, any attempts to actually play football tend to be mocked, unless it's Aussie rules.
But things may be slowly changing as a group of volunteers - led by British former academy player Charlie Pomroy - seek to introduce the game to what was once the world's richest nation per capita but is now heavily reliant on foreign aid and has one of the highest obesity rates in the world.
A social media post from the Nauru Soccer Federation congratulating the new world champions and setting out a dream that "one day we hope to be in Spain's position" may have been fanciful, but the groundwork is real in what it says is the last country not to have had a senior international side.
Laying the foundations, though, on an island where over-mining has left the landscape looking more like a moonscape, has been far from straightforward.
Nauru has tried to develop football previously, but it has never really taken off. The closest it has come to playing an international match was when representative teams faced a Solomon Islands expatriate team in 1994 and a refugee side in 2014.
Its complicated past goes some way to explaining why the world's most popular sport has struggled for participation.
Located in the Pacific Ocean 2,500 miles north east of Australia, Nauru's historical wealth was built on its vast deposits of phosphate from fossilised bird poo.
Nauru, which was a dependent territory of Australia until independence in 1968, was heavily mined in the late 20th Century. The minerals dried up, leaving the country once named Pleasant Island looking ragged, with large parts of its central areas uninhabitable and extremely challenging to farm.
This resulted in most of the 12,000-strong population clustering around the coastal edges with usable space at a premium on an island that measures only 21 square kilometres. And even that is shrinking, with climate change and rising sea levels threatening its very existence.
Its barren land has left the country importing more than 90% of its food – much of which is processed, contributing to 69% of the population being classed as obese and around 40% having type 2 diabetes.
One of its main sources of revenue now is from the Australian immigration detention centre it has housed for much of this century.
Everyday life on the island can be a struggle and sport has been a strong release for many, but the sport of choice is Aussie rules, which 30% of locals play. Also popular are athletics and weightlifting, which Nauru has competed in at the Olympics.
Nauru will host the Micronesian Games in 2028 – a multi-sport event that includes football and will showcase the island's desire to grow its international reputation through sport.
"They are trying to change the image for the better and get involved in more sport," says Pomroy, technical director for Nauru Soccer and one of eight volunteers aiming to develop football on the island.
"They [Nauru] want people to see the country in a more positive light rather than the punchline of a joke.
"So whether it's football, whether it's Aussie rules, whether it's rugby, basketball, cricket, weightlifting...  just to be part of building a healthier Nauru is enough.
"But being a football lover, the best way I know how to have an impact is through football."
And the Briton, who is originally from Stevenage and worked at his hometown club when they were still in non-league, has a track history to prove it.
He previously set up a charity in the Cambodian city of Siem Reap which ended up turning into a professional academy that has so far produced 47 players who have progressed to play professionally in the Asian country, and is also running successful programmes in India bringing football to underserved communities.
All of his projects pose different challenges. One of the first challenges in Nauru is getting some footballs on to the island.
The volunteers have launched a campaign to give every child aged four to 14 a ball – roughly 2,000 children – and are working with churches and the island's 11 schools to deliver them. The balls will get delivered 200 at a time by plane to help manage the distribution and avoid potential waste.
Past attempts to introduce football to Nauru have focused on one-off fixtures, including two years ago when former Premier League striker Dave Kitson was appointed to lead a group of 18 Nauruans into a game after a two-week training camp.
Their opponents were set to be a Sunday league team from Reading called XL FC who use football as a way to achieve a healthier lifestyle. That match never happened for financial reasons and so the wait for that inaugural game goes on.
But the ethos has since changed and Nauru Soccer are looking longer term.
"Dave Kitson would have gone, I would have gone, and it would have been great for a couple of months, but it's a lot of money," says Pomroy, who has worked in football in every continent bar South America and Antarctica.
"Let's start a culture on this island of football or sport and help it grow, because it's an important thing. Let's build the ecosystem, not just one-off games.
"My personal dream is that Nauru's first ever international game is played with all kids that are 18 years old that had been coming through our system.
"So, say we found a group of 14-year-olds now and we said, 'Right, let's work with this group over the next three or four years'.
"And by the time they're 17-18 years old, that will be Nauru's first ever national team game."
Once Pomroy arrives for a training camp in December, he will set up coaching programmes for players and aspiring coaches so the sport can continue throughout the year.
A lot of this hinges on being able to find places to play.
Much of the land is privately owned or uninhabitable, but volunteer Tyrone Deiye is hoping to use some of his family's land to create more pitches than the sole one that currently exists - a dusty surface of phosphate over crushed dirt. He also says playing on indoor pitches may be an option.
Pomroy is keen to stress that Nauru Soccer is not trying to "force football down everyone's throat" but says it's about laying a foundation for a sport, promoting healthy lifestyles and building communities.
"The life lessons that you learn through football aren't just on the pitch, not just about winning and losing," says Pomroy, who manages this project while coaching in India.
"It's the friends that you make. It is learning to be humble. It's learning to look after your body. It's learning to get up when you fall down.
"And that's how I've seen it change people across the world. That's the dream for Nauru.
"If we sat here in five years' time, I genuinely believe that we will have a senior team that will be filled with 18, 19, 20-year-olds.
"Then in 20 years' time, someone from Nauru comes up to me and says, 'my life changed through football and the development programme'... That would be the ultimate dream."
Other Pacific island nations play football and expats from these countries sometimes play on Nauru, although Deiye says Nauruans "watch the expats play but they sort of laugh at them because they don't understand the game, they think it's funny".
"A lot of the other Pacific islands have got really good football teams and it makes those guys really happy," adds Deiye, who balances work as an urban planner in Nauru alongside his football work. "Those countries, they're really big into football. I want Nauru to be like that."
Last year, the Marshall Islands played the US Virgin Islands in their first international match. The Pacific island had been the self-proclaimed last nation on earth without a football team, but Nauru have also been claiming this tag.
There was also confusion in the middle of the Covid pandemic when a fake domestic league in Nauru was announced, with the hoax being very detailed down to team names and registered players.
But the Nauru Soccer Federation now has a real website, where it outlines its plans and also sells a national team shirt to raise funds to grow the game. Its main source of money for the project is through fundraisers, but that can be difficult to organise as the volunteers are also balancing full-time work and different time zones.
Even communication between the project's team members can be tricky – sometimes Deiye will not be contactable for a couple of days, only to come back to say that a storm had wiped out the internet on the island.
"This project's not short of challenges, for sure," says Pomroy.
"I think from what I can understand, Nauruans have been promised quite a lot throughout their history and been let down many times.
"So their kind of attitude towards things tends to be 'we believe it when we see it' and they're very reluctant to get their hopes up.
"But in general, the feedback we get is everyone is very, very excited about it."England all-rounder Jacob Bethell has been ruled out of The Hundred with a knee injury sustained during the recent one-day international series against India. 
Bethell had been named as Birmingham Phoenix captain for the season. 
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) said that the 22-year-old had an MRI scan on Monday but they have not indicated when he will return. 
England's Test series against Pakistan starts on 19 August. 
It is a blow for Bethell to miss out on the experience of captaincy, as he is regarded as a future England leader, having already led the side in a T20 series against Ireland last year. 
He has also been in fine form, including a player of the match performance in Sunday's series decider at Lord's where he struck 91 at the top of the order and took 1-49.
He will be replaced by South Africa's Donovan Ferreira as Phoenix skipper, who is a two-time Hundred champion with Oval Invincibles. 
Phoenix's opening match is against Trent Rockets at Edgbaston on Friday (18:30 BST).
Bethell, who plays county cricket for Warwickshire, was retained by Phoenix in the auction earlier this year with a contract worth £340,000. Bournemouth midfielder Alex Scott has rejected a new contract amid interest from rival Premier League clubs in the England Under-21 international.
The Cherries made it a summer priority to tie Scott down to fresh terms, but as things stand there is no agreement.
Arsenal, Manchester United, Tottenham, Manchester City and Chelsea have an interest in Scott.
BBC Sport reported in June that Arsenal had an approach for Scott turned down by Bournemouth.
The 22-year-old, who joined Bournemouth from Bristol City in 2023 for £25m, has two years left on his current deal with the Premier League side.
Bournemouth remain steadfast in their position that Scott is not for sale, despite him rejecting the contract offer that had been on the table for at least two months.
Bournemouth have insisted publicly, directly to the player and to interested clubs that he will remain on the south coast, even on his current contract.
That stance has been consistent and, despite talk of an £80m valuation, they have continued to reject approaches.
The south coast club are under no pressure to sell after qualifying for the Europa League and generating significant income through the sales last summer of Dean Huijsen, Milos Kerkez, Illia Zabarnyi and Dango Outtara.
They have taken a similar stance with highly rated forward Junior Kroupi, who is attracting interest from Arsenal and Tottenham.
Brazil international Rayan is also not expected to leave and has given no indication that he wants to, having only joined the club in January.
Scott and Kroupi are with the squad for new manager Marco Rose's pre-season training camp in Austria, with Rayan due back at a later date having played for Brazil at the World Cup.
Scott was selected in his first England squad last November and was then called into Thomas Tuchel's extended pre-World Cup training camp in Florida but is yet make an appearance at senior international level.
In a busy Premier League midfielder market this summer, Nottingham Forest's Elliot Anderson and Aston Villa's Morgan Rogers are set to complete moves to Manchester City and Chelsea for £116m and £117m respectively.
Tottenham have spent £100m on Newcastle's Sandro Tonali and £85m on West Ham's Mateus Fernandes.
Scott joined Bristol City from Guernsey FC in 2020, going on to make 91 appearances for the Championship side in all competitions.
Having been named the division's young player of the season in 2022-23, he joined Bournemouth where he has made 89 appearances and scored six goals.
He helped Bournemouth finish sixth in 2025-26 under Andoni Iraola, qualifying for European football for the first time in their history.Argentina goalkeeper Emi Martinez says he is considering whether it is "time to step aside" from international football after his side's 1-0 defeat to Spain in the World Cup final.
The 33-year-old has won 67 caps for his country and played every minute of Argentina's eight World Cup games, keeping two clean sheets and conceding eight goals.
He was a World Cup winner in 2022, also claiming the golden glove award as the tournament's outstanding goalkeeper.
"I dreamt we'd win it again, I dreamt of bringing it back to Argentina and making history once more," Martinez wrote in a post on Instagram., external
"The truth is, the pain is hard to explain. There are many things to reflect on and how to move forward, and if it's time to step aside.
"I'm so sorry, I truly tried my best to help my country and my team-mates."
Martinez won the Yashin Trophy, awarded to the world's best goalkeeper at the Ballon d'Or awards, in 2023 and 2024.
He has played for Aston Villa since 2020 and has a contract until 2029, but has been linked to a move to Italian side Juventus this summer.Mercedes' Kimi Antonelli won the Belgian Grand Prix from pole position on Sunday to extend his lead at the top of the drivers' championship to 45 points. 
Antonelli's team-mate George Russell retired from the race following an opening-lap collision with Ferrari's Lewis Hamilton. 
Russell has now dropped to third in the standings, with Hamilton replacing him in second place after finishing fourth. 
Ferrari's Charles Leclerc was second behind Antonelli and Red Bull's Max Verstappen completed the podium in third. 
BBC Sport F1 correspondent Andrew Benson answers your latest questions after the race at Spa-Francorchamps. 
If Lewis Hamilton received a five-second time penalty for what appeared to me to be a racing incident between himself and George Russell, then how did Charles Leclerc get away with the Oscar Piastri incident where he clearly didn't leave enough room for the McLaren driver? - John 
The stewards' justifications for these two different incidents were based on a number of factors, many related to the Formula 1 drivers' guidelines.
In the case of the collision between Hamilton and Russell on the first lap, the decision stated that Russell had got his car far enough alongside Hamilton's Ferrari on the outside as they approached the corner to be making a legitimate overtaking attempt and therefore was "entitled to racing room".
They went on to say that the collision between the two cars was triggered by Hamilton's car sliding and that he hit Russell's car despite "applying corrective steering".
Russell "remained within the available racing room and the collision was caused by [Hamilton] being unable to maintain sufficient separation".
Hamilton was therefore "wholly at fault for the collision".
The normal penalty in these circumstances is 10 seconds. This was reduced to five in Hamilton's case because he "acknowledged the presence of [Russell], attempted to leave appropriate racing room and made a genuine attempt to avoid contact".
In addition, the incident was not caused by "an aggressive or deliberate manoeuvre", and it was on the opening lap, when more leeway is applied.
As for the incident between Leclerc and Piastri, again the racing rules were applied to the letter.
The stewards ruled that Piastri was not far enough alongside the Ferrari to be entitled to the same treatment as Russell.
This was because while he had "some overlap", Piastri's "front axle… was not ahead of the front axle [of Leclerc] and there was no possibility of completing an overtake from that position".
Objectively, it's hard to disagree with their conclusion up to that point.
The next part of the ruling was more subjective.
"[Leclerc] did not deliberately crowd [Piastri] off the edge of the track. [He] followed the racing line before the entry to Turn Five by moving slightly to the left… and side to side contact occurred between the two cars".
There was an interesting episode in the green room before the podium. , externalThis incident played out on the television while Leclerc was sitting watching with Max Verstappen and Kimi Antonelli.
Leclerc's eyes widened and he sucked in a breath as he watched the contact, and he said: "This one was…"
Verstappen interrupted and said: "Was calculated." Leclerc looked at him, they both laughed and then Leclerc sat back looking sheepish and put his cap over his face.
It's clear he recognised the move was on the edge, and a case can be made that he did not comply with the rule that says a driver defending their position by changing line must leave a car's width on the outside if they move back to the racing line.
McLaren team principal Andrea Stella was asked for his view after the race.
He said he had not yet reviewed the stewards' reasoning, but added: "When the cars are staying alongside each other for such a long time, we should make sure that the car that is not on the racing line, because it's defending the inside, does leave enough space, because if there's a contact that is not controlled, then the crash is going to be very big."
I'm sure I read somewhere that this weekend was a record attendance for a Belgian Grand Prix. Given that, and the clear love that drivers and fans share for Spa, it seems ridiculous it won't be on the calendar every year, while far less popular circuits are remaining. Does the FIA care about the views of the fans and drivers or is it all about what races pay the most? - Tom
F1 did say that the attendance at the Belgian Grand Prix this year was an all-time record at 400,000 over the weekend as a whole.
And on a point of fact regarding the question, the calendar is compiled by F1, not the FIA, which merely rubber stamps the schedule at its world council.
In determining which races feature, F1 weighs a number of different factors. Of course, finances are one of them, but money is not everything.
Some races pay smaller fees than others, and one of the reasons for this can be that they are considered to have a greater intrinsic value to the sport.
This would apply to Spa, which has a history and circuit layout that surpasses the vast majority of the rest of the calendar.
However, it is the case that the historic European classic tracks such as Spa and Silverstone - and other events such as Austin - simply cannot afford to pay the same fees as races funded by nation states using them for PR purposes, such as Saudi Arabia and Bahrain, for example.
This is not an easy conundrum to resolve. F1 wants tracks such as Spa on the calendar for all the obvious reasons, but they also have to make financial sense.
It is in trying to find an acceptable compromise to this scenario that the latest situation has arisen, with Spa hosting the Belgian Grand Prix for four out of six years of its current contract. 
That means that in 2028 and 2030 Spa will be replaced by another race.
Of course, from the point of view of anyone who appreciates the sport and what it's about, that's not ideal. But it's better than having no Spa at all.
Why are Mercedes struggling to understand George Russell's straight-line deficit?  They must have all the data on his battery deployment, ICE output, e-motor power, plus how much drag his aero and car set-up, such as rake angle, generates  - Sean
At the Belgian Grand Prix, Mercedes experienced unexplained behaviour from their power unit.
Russell suffered for this, by having a mystery lack of energy over a lap in qualifying. It cost him some but not all of his deficit to team-mate Kimi Antonelli. Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff put the loss from the engine at about 0.2-0.25 seconds.
A pretty much identical thing happened at McLaren to Oscar Piastri in relation to Lando Norris.
Both drivers also experienced a shortfall of energy on the first lap that contributed both to Russell's incident with Hamilton and Antonelli being passed by Max Verstappen on the approach to Eau Rouge.
As Wolff said: "All Mercedes engines had a lack of energy out of Turn One so that wasn't only George. It affected him more than Kimi but also Kimi had that issue to a certain degree."
The one in the race was, Wolff said, "a new issue".
Mercedes said they did not understand why either situation had happened.
The fundamental issue is that the latest F1 hybrid engines are highly complex, as are the rules by which they have to be operated, and the manufacturers and teams are still learning about them.
One of the impacts of this is that small nuances of driving can have a disproportionately large impact on energy availability. It's one of the reasons why the drivers do not like these engines.
McLaren team principal Andrea Stella, among the best technical communicators in the sport, has talked about this extensively this season.
At the weekend in Spa he said: "To operate these power units, you don't operate them in an open-loop way, whereby I would be able to have an off-line simulation and say, 'Oh, that's how the electrical power will be deployed and it will always be identical to itself'.
"There's a large component of the controller that operates the power unit that happens with live calculations and the power unit forward-thinks, forward-calculates what it has to do. There's a lot that happens as the car goes.
"This is why it's not so easy to understand what kind of calculations have been made as the car was going.
"I'm sure we will understand the reason, but at the same time you need to be able to anticipate and make sure that the operation of the power unit unfolds as expected.
"Because this is not only for the influence it has in the power-limited sections, [and] in the straights, but also because it affects the braking points. 
"Because if you have an additional amount of harvest before braking, then you are approaching the braking 10km/h slower and your braking point changes.
"This is quite difficult to master for the drivers, and it's one of the reasons why they talk about the difficulties of exploiting the power unit from a driving point of view.
"It's not only to get the most out of the power unit, but also because the variations of the power unit affect the references as you approach a corner.
"But the variations that are significantly relevant are so small that they may happen from one lap to the other, even if you have learned from the previous laps."
This complexity also explains why McLaren have been frustrated this season by some aspects of their relationship with Mercedes, particularly in terms of how much information they have been given about the operation of the engine.
As Stella said: "It's only now, and we are mid-season, that we are starting to have the required tools in order to be able to anticipate, optimise, and study these sensitivities."
Why are drivers allowed to sacrifice their qualifying session to provide a tow to their team-mate? It is understandable during a race, but it feels against the spirit of qualifying - Sylvie 
This is a reference to the way Red Bull ran qualifying in Belgium.
Isack Hadjar gave Max Verstappen a tow in the final session that made a difference of about 0.3secs. It allowed Verstappen to qualify on the front row rather than sixth.
If this was to happen routinely, then there might well be consequences.
But this particular station was entirely understandable, and completely normal.
Hadjar had a 30-place grid penalty for exceeding his allowance of power unit components. So, having made it into Q3, he was only ever going to be starting the race at the back, no matter what lap time he set.
In those circumstances, it made complete sense for Red Bull to ask him to give Verstappen a slipstream to maximise his chances.Newcastle United supporters are set to vote on a new crest, with the club poised to change their badge for the first time since 1988.
The existing emblem is popular with supporters, but Newcastle feel it "struggles to perform in a modern setting".
"Its intricacies and irregularities make consistent, high-quality reproduction impossible - from modern digital platforms to broadcast environments and merchandise," the club said.
Newcastle's plans to update the crest were first publicly mooted in May 2025.
The club have discussed "potential routes forward" with the fan advisory board and surveyed 19,500 members and season ticket holders.
Supporters' feedback helped shape the options, which will ultimately be presented on the ballot.
A total of 84% of those surveyed made it clear they wanted Newcastle to "honour our heritage" rather than completely overhaul the crest.
Supporters also ranked which elements of the current crest they believed were most important, including the castle, seahorses, black and white shield and ribbon.
Eligible voters - a group that comprises season ticket holders, members and anyone who purchased tickets for two or more women's home matches last season - will pick their favoured design during a two-week window in August.
BBC Sport asked supporters for their views and one respondent, Ian, suggested voters should have a "none of the above option".
"It's hard to say supporters are getting their say when the club came out and said this is happening whether anyone likes it or not," added another, Matt.
"These new crests represent a simplified, homogenised version of everything that has ramped up post-Covid. 
"I can already see the final product; a stripped-down version of a crest that is more caricature than representative of anything meaningful."
However, Newcastle supporter Phil highlighted how the club "at least seem to be listening to fans instead of barrelling into some soulless, corporate design".
Another supporter, Andy, "loves" the existing badge, but also stressed "we have to understand that things change".
"Whatever brand you look at, there has been evolution to meet the demands of the modern world," he added. 
"We should be no different. It seems like they're trying to go about it in the right, respectful way, but we have to let it happen."